# 11/9/2023 2:50:22 PM - Joshua to IJC - Nana's Journey (2/2) JOSHUA RYNE GOLDBERG (63197018)

Created time: November 11, 2023 12:40 AM
Files & media: ../Capture_decran_2023-12-04_a_17.40.34.png, ../Capture_decran_2023-12-04_a_17.40.50.png, ../Capture_decran_2023-12-04_a_17.40.59.png

[Résumé ](11%209%202023%205%2020%2032%20PM%20-%20Joshua%20to%20IJC%20-%20Nana's%20Jour%20dab2f627482f4ed6b54b8563cb582ece.md) 

One day, Veronica and Veronica's parents give a seminar at Nana's school on the importance of preventing school bullying and treating others with respect. Once the seminar is completed, Nana follows them to their car (which is in a remote area) in a balaclava and uses a device that she built to lock them inside and disable the car. Nana then soaks the car in gasoline and sets it on fire, causing Veronica and her parents to burn to death in their car. For a brief moment, Nana pulls up her balaclava, looks Veronica in the eyes for the last time as she screams and burns, and then pulls back down her balaclava and casually walks off. The next day at school, Zayla - one of the girls who held Nana down while Veronica raped Nana with a broomstick - quietly says "thank you" in Nana's ear. Nana is obviously startled, but doesn't say anything in response. Later on, Nana is seen at Veronica's funeral, put together by a Catholic church, in which an obviously drunk Australian priest gives an emotional eulogy about what a kind and loving young Christian Veronica was.

Eventually, Nana gets enough Bitcoins to buy a handgun with ammo, along with the materials to make a pipe bomb. Nana assembles a pipe bomb and places it in the mail to Yuri's parents. Nana then sneaks up behind her uncle and shoots him in the back of the stomach. As he tries to crawl away, Nana pulls down his underpants, grabs his testicles, and crushes them under her shoe with bitter tears of rage in her eyes. She then uses a butcher knife to cut off his penis and smashed-up testicles and stuffs them into his mouth. As her uncle screams, gags, vomits, and defecates on himself, Nana stabs both of his eyes out, then guts him open and pulls out several of his internal organs before shoving the butcher knife into his anus. Finally, she carves "PEDO" into his forehead, then grabs one of his vodka bottles, pours it all over him, and sets him on fire, setting the entire apartment on fire as she leaves. Walking to the rooftop covered in blood, the landlord tries to stop Nana and Nana cold-bloodedly shoots him in the head without even a second thought. Once she reaches the rooftop, Nana stands with her back to the edge and blows her brains out, causing her body to splatter onto the pavement below. Soon after this happens, a group of giggling teenage boys come out of a nearby building and start filming Nana's body on their phones, saying that "MonsterWeb is gonna love this." Cut to black.

All trailers and promotional material for this film would completely downplay the disturbing nature of the film, giving viewers absolutely no indication of what they're in for. However, the very first scene of the film would let viewers know right away precisely what they're in for. The film opens with Nana getting on her laptop and watching a video of Mexican cartel members using a chainsaw to torture and dismember a screaming, naked pregnant woman tied to a chair. The cartel members chainsaw off the woman's breasts, arms, and legs, then saw open her belly, rip out her fetus, throw it to the ground, and stomp on it before vertically sawing the woman in half, starting from the bottom. Nana casually watches all of this with icy, detached indifference. As Nana is about to click into another grotesque video, Nana's drunken uncle stumbles into the room, bashes Nana over the head with a vodka bottle, and then anally rapes her for several minutes before vomiting on her and then stumbling out of the room. Nana takes a shower in her clothes, cleans up her uncle's vomit, then gets back on her laptop and watches a video of someone in a morgue cutting a hole in the belly of a limbless torso and then raping the hole. At this point, anyone still remaining in the audience will most likely remain until the end.

Of all the visceral shocks in this film (which are virtually non-stop from start to finish), the most extreme would be the scenes of Nana's uncle masturbating to "hurtcore" child porn on his computer. There are three occasions when we see what he is watching. The first time, he watches a video of someone in a balaclava shoving a long, cylindrical, burning-hot lightbulb into a tied-down naked toddler's vagina and then stomping on her so that it shatters inside of her. The second time, he watches someone with an enormous penis anally raping a small infant, with blood and fecal matter pouring out of the infant's anus. The third time, he watches someone defecate on the face of a screaming, crying, naked little girl in a tiny cage. I should note that this is all exactly the kind of horrific  material that real pedophiles really masturbate to in real life, hence why I'm depicting it on screen (in animated form). As stated before, I believe in showing evil as it really is, with absolutely no phony sugar coating.

Equally disturbing as the things that are shown on screen are the things that are merely described. In one scene, for example, Nana describes in sickening detail to Yuri how, when she was 9, she got pregnant from her uncle raping her and her uncle forcibly administered a bloody wire-hanger abortion on her. The heinous abuse that Yuri experiences from his parents is described by Yuri to Nana in the manner of a child who doesn't fully understand what is happening to him and is trying to hold on to his innocence. Nana, however, completely understands what is happening to Yuri and doesn't hesitate to bluntly tell him.

As with everything else in the film, the scenes of drug use in this film would be the most disgusting in cinema history. In an early scene, Nana's parents inject heroin into each other's anuses and then, after repeatedly trying and failing to inject heroin into their veins, take the blood from their failed attempts to inject into their veins and inject that into each other's anuses as well. Nana's parents have absolutely no hesitations whatsoever about using all manner of hard drugs in the same room as Nana and even in front of her, and Nana hides her laptop (and anything else valuable of hers) from her parents so that they won't be able to pawn it off for dope.

The extremely harsh, ugly, brutal tone of this film is actually not the tone that I would use for most of my films. In fact, none of my other films would come anywhere close to this level of misanthropy, and my films preceding this one certainly wouldn't. After making several relatively benign films (and even a few children's films), this film would be me telling the human race what I really think of it. The central crux of this film is the same as the one emblazoned across the US DVD box set of the first three All Night Long films: "Human beings are garbage". Those exact words are uttered by Nana multiple times over the course of the film and, by the film's conclusion, it's difficult to disagree with her.

The poster/cover art for this film would contain only subtle hints as to the film's true nature; it would depict Nana making a snow angel and looking exceptionally angelic herself, but with blood splattered across her face, an NC-17 rating in the corner, and the tagline "People are monsters." This would be the first animated film to secure an NC-17 rating (unless someone else beats me to it by then). "Rated NC-17 for extreme aberrant sexual and violent content throughout, disturbing sadistic behavior, explicit drug use, and graphic dialogue - all involving children" is what I imagine. I would deliberately get the film banned in several countries (like the UK and Australia) before eventually distributing it for free over the internet. I would refuse to let any edited versions of this film exist - anyone who watches it is going to see it uncut and uncensored.

This film, it goes without saying, would receive a lot of attention, the vast majority of it negative (and, in this case, there is no such thing as bad publicity). Almost everyone who watches it will wish that they hadn't, and many will want to kill me for making it. At any public screenings, at least half of the audience will walk out in disgust. The film will provoke fierce and heated debates for years, being defended only by the bravest of critics. The film could not be easily dismissed the same way that most "sickest movies ever made" can be, as it would be a thoughtful and meaningful film with a significant degree of artistic quality to it. As such, it would command serious attention in a way that puerile exploitation trash doesn't.

Great effort would be taken to make everything in the film feel as authentic and realistic as possible. I would consult with experts on child sex abuse to make the film's portrayals harrowingly true to life without being sensationalistic or exploitative (and, most importantly, without coming across like I'm some kind of pervert myself). The dialogue from Nana's family in their apartment would be in Georgian with subtitles. For added authenticity, Nana would be voiced by a real Georgian woman with a slight accent, and her voice would then be digitally altered to sound younger. The same thing would be done for Yuri, except with a slight Russian accent. Veronica speaks with an Australian accent and frequently uses Australian slang like "shitcunt" and "fuckin' oath". She is often seen wearing an "AUSSIE PRIDE" singlet and, at one point, has Zayla's teenage brother put an Australia tattoo on her right shoulder. She would be voiced by a real Australian woman and, again, digitally altered to sound like a kid. Malka would be voiced by an actual toddler, but I would be very careful to make sure that she wasn't exposed to the film's content. It wouldn't be possible to do that with Nana, Yuri, or Veronica, hence why they would be voiced by adults.

I would also take great effort to give the film an emotional core that would set it apart from other films of this nature and would make it much more upsetting. There would be a great deal of emotional character development to make Nana and Yuri profoundly sympathetic, and profoundly tragic and heartbreaking. My goal would be to have the viewer see Nana like a troubled daughter. In stark contrast to Nana's nihilistic misanthropy, Yuri's outlook is closer to that of Anne Frank: in spite of everything, he still believes that people are good at heart. Ultimately, however, the film would very much seem to vindicate Nana's worldview over Yuri's. The most unrelentingly bleak, hellish, soul-crushing exercise in pitch-black ultra-nihilism ever made, viewers would walk away from the film feeling like they need to crawl into a corner and die.

The dialogue in the film would have a very naturalistic feel to it, adding to the film's realism. The tender conversations between Nana and Yuri would be exceptionally frank, profound, and often quite moving. In order for a film to be genuinely disturbing, the film has to make you really care about the characters and feel for them. I would make absolutely certain to do that with this film, cementing it as, by far, the most disturbing film ever made.

I would undoubtedly be asked many times to justify this film's existence. My justification is simple: I am forcing people to confront the unimaginable evil that exists in the world, and to think about things that they would otherwise try their best to avoid thinking about. This is not August Underground's Mordum-style splatter movie garbage, stringing together a bunch of ridiculously over-the-top depravity at random so that teenagers can challenge each other to watch "da sickest movee evar!!1oneone". This is not some kind of juvenile Halloween party item. Rather, this is the unspeakably horrific reality of the unspeakably horrific world that we live in. Everything depicted in this movie actually happens every single day - an unfortunate fact that most people would much rather ignore, but that this film would force them to confront head-on.

As in all of my films, there would be ladybug imagery in this film. Malka is often seen in a ladybug costume, and it's what she's wearing when she is gunned down by the neo-Nazi. On the other hand, moth imagery is associated with Nana. White moths land on or near Nana numerous times throughout the film. Usually, I would make extensive use of music that clashes wildly with what's portrayed on screen. This film, however, would have no music at all. I'm going for brutal realism here, with zero artificiality. In this film and in all of my films, the credits would be at the beginning of the film.

The animation would be top-notch, with an incredible (and often sickening) level of detail in every single frame. Close-ups of Nana's red eyes - often with something horrific reflected in them - would occur throughout the film. The art style would be very realistic, as anything less than very realistic would render the film significantly less disturbing. Overall, the film would be made with considerable skill and undeniable artistry, firmly separating it from most other films of this nature.