# 11/9/2023 5:20:32 PM - Joshua to IJC - Nana's Journey (1/2) - JOSHUA RYNE GOLDBERG (63197018)

Created time: November 11, 2023 12:41 AM
Files & media: ../CorrlinksPdf%201.pdf

### Résumé

- Il s'agit d'un synopsis très détaillé pour un film d'animation extrêmement violent et perturbant intitulé "Le Voyage de Nana".
- Le film raconte l'histoire de Nana, une fille albinos de 11 ans qui vit dans un environnement urbain apocalyptique et subit des abus horribles.
- Nana regarde des vidéos violentes et extrêmes sur internet, se lie d'amitié avec un garçon nommé Yuri qui subit aussi des abus, et est victime d'intimidation à l'école.
- Le film contient des scènes graphiques de violence, d'abus d'enfants, de pornographie infantile, de drogue, de suicide et plus encore.
- Le but du film est de confronter le public avec la réalité du mal dans le monde. Il est destiné à être le film d'animation pour adultes le plus perturbant jamais réalisé.
- La description contient beaucoup de détails sur l'intrigue, les personnages, le style d'animation réaliste prévu et l'intention artistique derrière le film.

En résumé, il s'agit du synopsis très cru et dérangeant d'un film d'animation extrême qui cherche à choquer et perturber le public avec des scènes de violence et de dépravation graphiques.

During my extended duration in the SHU, I finally came up with a detailed outline of how my film Nana's Journey would play out (and please mentally prepare yourself now, because this is not pretty stuff). Previously, I said that this would be my debut feature, but I think that it would be better to release this after making several benign films. This film would be the new ne plus ultra of extreme cinema - the most disturbing, horrifying, nihilistic, misanthropic, life-denying film ever made, taking on-screen turpitude to levels previously thought unimaginable. I'd be aiming to cause permanent psychological damage to viewers with an unflinching, no-holds-barred delve into the darkest depths of human evil, cruelty, and depravity, and how the internet brings out the worst in people. However, this would not be exploitation trash. This would be artfully-made, intelligent, and emotionally devastating cinema that rips your heart out, throws it into a blender, and drinks it. Everything in this film would feel palpably real, with a strong element of pathos that would make it all the more upsetting and gut-wrenching.

First off, this would be an animated film (drawn in a very realistic style), so there are zero limits to what I can show (under US law, at least; this film couldn't be screened in many countries). I believe in showing evil as it really is, with absolutely no phony sugar coating, and everything in this film would be shown on screen as graphically as you can possibly imagine. In terms of what is depicted on screen, this film would far exceed every other "sickest movie ever made".

The film revolves around Nana Margashveli, a hyper-intelligent 11-year-old albino girl of Georgian background. Nana has shoulder-length white hair and intense, hypnotic red eyes. She always dresses in all white to match her skin and hair, giving her an even more ghostly and otherworldly appearance than she would already have. It's fairly obvious that, under normal circumstances, Nana would not only be a good kid, but would have a brilliant life ahead of her. Under the horrendous circumstances that she is in, however, she is a cold, bitter, hateful, and generally amoral young misanthrope whose early death seems inevitable from the very beginning.

Nana lives with her mother, father, and uncle in a squalid downtown apartment complex populated mainly by immigrants from eastern and central Europe (Nana learns that, the last time a black family tried to move into the apartment complex, they were terrorized relentlessly and eventually gang-raped and murdered by Russian skinheads). The film takes place in a nightmarish, dystopian urban hellscape (in what appears to be Chicago) where any sense of law and order has completely broken down. Gunshots are heard constantly, and Nana has to sleep with earplugs in to try to drown out the nightly gang battles that happen outside of her apartment. Any time Nana walks anywhere, she has to step over homeless people, trash, broken glass, vomit, excrement, used hypodermic needles, and sometimes even dead bodies, and she often walks past violent crimes in progress, people urinating and defecating in public, and people shooting up and smoking crack and meth - all of which she pays absolutely no mind to.

Nana's parents are both hardcore drug addicts, and Nana's father pimps out his wife to support their habit (and abuses her violently). Nana's uncle is a sick, alcoholic pedophile who routinely rapes Nana. Nana's uncle is often seen at his computer, watching child porn of the most violent and horrific sort, depicting the extreme sadistic sexual abuse of children as young as infancy (years ago, I learned that this kind of child porn is known as "hurtcore", and is sought out by the vilest of pedophiles). Understandably, Nana passionately despises her family (and drug addicts in general) and sincerely wishes death on all of them. When Nana's parents eventually die of overdoses, Nana is "glad they're dead" (and glad that fentanyl is killing off so many "garbage people" like her parents), but not glad about the fact that this leaves her uncle with sole custody over her.

Malka is a Hungarian Jewish toddler who lives in the same apartment complex and is quite fond of Nana, which Nana doesn't know how to respond to (Nana, who can't stand being touched, is visibly jolted every time Malka runs up and hugs her). Malka always calls Nana "Milky" and asks innocent questions about her albinism. Malka's mother repeatedly chides Malka for this, but Nana insists that it's fine.

Yuri Shevchenko is a 10-year-old Russian boy who also lives in the apartment complex and experiences even worse abuse than Nana. Yuri's Russian oligarch parents - who both work for the United Nations - use Yuri to make child porn, which they sell to people like Nana's uncle along with international pedophiles and other UN workers. Every night, Nana and Yuri lie on the rooftop of their apartment complex, look up at the stars, and have deep, intimate, candid, and often very poignant conversations about a variety of subjects, but most often about their lives and how they view the world. Nana firmly believes that all people are nothing but pure evil and have no redeeming qualities of any sort. Yuri believes that most people are good, just not the people that he and Nana are surrounded by. Every time Nana says something negative and callous, Yuri counters her with something more hopeful and empathetic. Yuri is the only person around whom Nana lets her guard down and shows any emotion, crying and even laughing a few times.

Nana mainly spends her free time on the worst corners of the internet, looking at beheadings, terrorist attacks, narco snuff videos, genuine rape videos, animal cruelty, and so forth. Nana is particularly fixated on videos of the ritualistic burnings of albino children in Africa; she watches these videos again and again, and repeatedly brings them up in conversations with Yuri (Yuri always tells Nana to stop looking at that stuff because it's bad for your soul, to which Nana replies, half-joking, that she has no soul). One site that Nana spends a great deal of time on is MonsterWeb, which, in the film, is a notorious site on the dark web where people are encouraged to post acts of violence and depravity that they've carried out, and can be rewarded with Bitcoins for it (the most popular user on the site is someone who pays mentally ill homeless people to fight to the death on film, promising money to the victor and posting the videos under the banner of "Ultimate Bum Deathmatches"). The site has the slogan "Because people are monsters." Nana's other hobby is tinkering with electronics and anything else that she can get her hands on, often building elaborate homemade weapons and explosives, which she tests out at the local junkyard.

At Nana's school, the other girls - led by sadistic Australian psychopath Veronica Schildknecht - delight in tormenting the most vulnerable kids, such as those with disabilities and those with illnesses. Their targets include a girl with Down syndrome in a wheelchair with a colostomy bag (Veronica forces her to eat the contents of her colostomy bag and then superglues pens into her colostomy hole), a mute autistic girl whose father recently committed suicide (Veronica taunts her with a Photoshopped image of her father fellating Satan in hell), a double amputee and skilled artist with leukemia undergoing chemotherapy (Veronica trashes her artworks and then tells her "I made them look like you"), and a boy with severe epilepsy (Veronica constantly flashes strobe lights at him). The girl with leukemia eventually dies, primarily due to Veronica tormenting her, and Veronica gloats about how much fun it was to "watch the life drain out of that little cunt's eyes".

Veronica and the other girls usually film their extreme cruelty and post it on social media. Veronica also posts videos of herself torturing animals and her infant sister. Veronica's parents are both very wealthy and powerful Australian diplomats, so Veronica gets away with everything. Veronica and her squad consider Nana to be a "freak", and terrorize Nana relentlessly (since Nana is particularly sensitive to sunlight on account of her albinism, Veronica's favorite way to torture Nana is to strip her naked and tie her to poles in the blazing sun). This terrorization reaches a crescendo when Veronica has the other girls hold Nana down, rapes Nana with a broomstick, and then urinates on her, livestreaming the entire thing on social media (and facing no real punishment for it, thanks to her parents).

There are four times when we see Veronica film herself torturing animals and her infant sister (and, usually, Veronica is accompanied by other girls, who often appear very uncomfortable). The first time, Veronica shoves several puppies into an oven and then cranks the heat up to maximum, proclaiming "fuckin' oath" as the puppies burn. The second time, Veronica rips out all of her baby sister's nails with a pocket knife, then pours boiling oil all over her. The third time, Veronica buries several kittens neck-deep in her yard, then repeatedly mows over them with a lawnmower. The last time, Veronica burns her infant sister with a blowtorch (including burning both of her eyes out), then throws her to the ground and repeatedly kicks and stomps on her. When Veronica's baby sister dies as a result of her injuries, Veronica once again gets away scot-free.

Strange, taciturn loner Chai - who always sits in the back of the class next to Nana - tells Nana that Veronica's parents moved her to America because she was at the center of a Catholic child abuse scandal in her native Australia. Veronica experienced years of horrific physical, emotional, and sexual abuse at the Catholic church that her parents were members of for decades and, when her parents found out and took legal action against the church, the resulting trial became a media circus. In Chai's words, "that kind of thing can really warp a person." "Look it up", Chai says to Nana. When Nana gets home, she looks it up on her laptop and sees articles about it.

Heavily pregnant homeroom teacher Mrs. Elssler is the only person who ever sticks up for Nana and stands up to Veronica. As such, Veronica and her minions put forth considerable effort to make Mrs. Elssler have a miscarriage. They eventually succeed in doing so, and Mrs. Elssler is never seen again. She is replaced by poltroon doormat Mr. Rosenthal, who is terrified of Veronica and her parents.

Midway through the film, a neo-Nazi massacres a Jewish preschool a few blocks from Nana's apartment, killing 32 kids and 7 teachers before being sprayed with bullets by a SWAT team. He livestreams the entire thing, being cheered on by an online audience. After hearing the news, Nana watches the shooter's livestream on MonsterWeb and sees that Malka is one of the kids who he killed. This is the first and only time that Nana is visibly shaken by something that she watches online.

One day, on her way back from school, Nana is snatched into a room where Yuri's parents and Nana's uncle force Nana and Yuri to take drugs and then force Nana and Yuri to have sex on film. That night, when Nana goes up to the rooftop to talk to Yuri, she looks over the edge and sees his body splattered on the pavement below, with a crowd of people gathered around, taking pictures on their phones of the little boy who jumped to his death. Nana lies down on the rooftop by herself and breaks down in tears, showing more emotion than she has ever shown before in a deeply heartbreaking scene. Later, Nana sees that someone filmed Yuri's suicide, egging him on to jump, and then posted the video on MonsterWeb. Shortly after Yuri's suicide, Yuri's parents - Vladimir and Svetlana - move to Kenya to open up an orphanage for UNICEF. Eventually, Nana sees a news story about how Yuri's parents are being honored by the UN for their dedication to protecting the human rights and human dignity of children around the world. Veronica catches wind that Nana's "boyfriend" committed suicide and begins viciously taunting Nana about it. Towards the end of the film, there would be a poignant scene of Nana - dressed in all black and looking exceptionally somber - laying a rose on Yuri's grave.

Nana buys herself a digital video camera (she doesn't have a phone) and starts going to popular suicide spots around the city and filming suicides. She posts her suicide videos on MonsterWeb and is rewarded with Bitcoins for each one, building up a significant following under the screen name sik'vdilis_angelozi ("angel of death" in Georgian). Nana also makes Bitcoins selling fake drugs on the dark web. She laces every batch with cyanide to kill as many "junkie cockroaches" as possible. In one scene, Nana also sneaks into a liquor store and surreptitiously drops cyanide tablets into several of the liquor bottles.