# 6 November 2015 - Joshua to IJC

Created time: November 6, 2023 10:27 PM
Files & media: ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_18.54.47.png, ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_18.55.50.png, ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_18.28.15.png

Dear Ismael,

First off, since you have probably never used the TRULINCS email system before, I'll give you a brief primer.  You have to log in to TRULINCS to see the emails that I send you.  When I send you a new email, it's supposed to send a notification to your regular email address, but it doesn't always (and, for some people, it doesn't at all).  Emails in your TRULINCS inbox expire after one month, so you are going to want to save these emails in a file on your computer.

The initial email address that you gave me didn't work because you forgot to put a dot between edu and gobelins, but BBC journalist Mike Wendling (who I have been in correspondence with for years) was able to get the right email address from you.

Last year, Robert Rosso - who used to be on the unit with me at Terre Haute FCI - interviewed me over the phone for his YouTube channel.  The interview of me is up on YouTube under the title of "Exclusive: convicted terrorist-troll Joshua Ryne Goldberg speaks from Prison!"  He said that he "used troll to poke at the terrorist label" and said that "I hope you and your family are okay with it", but I didn't tell my family about it (other than my aunt).  I try to tell them as little about my personal life as I possibly can.

I was very intrigued by everything that you said in your letter.  As you know, I am a huge cinephile and a huge fan of avant-garde/experimental art in all mediums, especially in films and video games.  Since I have not heard of your name before, I am going to guess that you first rose to prominence in the years after my arrest.  I am also going to guess that your films are somewhat along the lines of the classic arthouse documentaries Sans soleil (which is my personal favorite documentary of all time) and The House is Black.  Off the top of my head, I can't think of any American filmmakers who make documentaries in such a wildly unorthodox, avant-garde style.  There have been tons of great documentaries made in the US, of course, but most of them are done in a much more conventional, matter-of-fact style.

What you describe - an undefinable mixture of documentary, fiction, and animation - is exactly the sort of thing that I would create if I were to make a film about myself.  I have no interest in conventional autobiography (and I certainly have no interest in auto-hagiography like that recent Stephen Spielberg film about himself).  Many people have told me that I should write a book, but I really don't even know where to begin.  Again, writing a conventional autobiography just isn't really my metier.

If you're looking for some more inspiration, one thoroughly unique and compelling documentary short film that you probably haven't seen is the 2007 film i.Mirror by Chinese artist ChinaTracy (Cao Fei), which is up on YouTube in its entirety.  The film documents ChinaTracy's Second Life relationship with an American man, and does so with considerable artistry and poignancy.  The first few minutes are some kind of weird music video-type thing, so stick with it.

Since I've come to prison, I've written out several highly detailed ideas for movies and TV shows.  Most of them revolve around strange, troubled adolescent girls, as those are the characters that I find to be the most interesting.  I'll send you two of the ones with the most potential so that you can tell me what you think - one is an idea for the new "most disturbing movie ever made" and the other is an idea for a relatively benign character study, but both revolve around selcouth young girls.

As a director, my biggest cinematic influences would most likely be Koji Wakamatsu, Krzysztof Kieslowski, Robert Altman, Georges Melies, Satoshi Kon, and Terrence Malick.  Anyone even remotely familiar with those directors would find it pretty hard to imagine a mixter-maxter of all of them together, but I think that I could pull it off quite effectively.  However, I wouldn't just pilfer other directors' styles.  I would try to make my films feel like nothing else ever made, with my own distinctly unique, one-of-a-kind vision.  Stylistically, I would draw heavily from influences like the Japanese New Wave and the Hollywood New Wave, but I would make them my own esemplastic coadunation of disparate elements along with a singularly original style unlike anything else ever made.

One of the early reviews of A Serbian Film (the current "sickest movie ever made") stated that there are some things that filmmakers have a moral obligation not to show.  I don't think so at all.  I think that films should show everything just as graphically as if it were real life.  If anything, filmmakers have a duty to show evil as it really is, with absolutely no phony sugar coating.  As a director, I would never practice self-censorship of any sort, and I would steadfastly refuse to have any of my films censored (which means that many of them wouldn't get released in countries like the UK and Australia).  I would show it like it is, and I would never pull any punches.  I'm not going to give viewers some sanitized, watered-down bullshit.  I'm going to force viewers to confront the unimaginable evil that exists in the world, and I'm going to make viewers think about things that they'd much rather not think about.  But I would never take a sensationalistic, exploitative, catchpenny approach to unpleasant subject matter, and not all (or even most) of my films would contain any graphic, disturbing content.

I can send you my old "Persona Factory" essay, along with other essays that I wrote for my prison psychologists, but I humbly entreat that you please not publish them.  I'll start with the "Persona Factory" one, since you requested it.  Other essays that I wrote for my prison psychologists range from "Am I a Sociopath?" to "Floating Around in Space".

When I was at Terre Haute FCI, I wrote a new article titled "How Prison Made Me Hate the Police".  In the near future, I'm going to put a few finishing touches on it and then have my sister publish it from my Medium account.

While I was in the SHU at Terre Haute FCI, SIS officers there told me that I "got screwed" and that I "shouldn't be in prison" because I was "just bored and fucking with people".  I wish that they had been the ones sentencing me and not the judge who went out of his way to make a point by giving me additional time beyond what even the prosecutor wanted.  At the same time, I do feel like I should have had to face some consequences for my online actions, which were incredibly stupid and reckless and could have very easily resultedin real harm to real people, even if that was not my intention.

I usually project a very dour, saturnine disposition, but I will often capriciously oscillate between acting like an angry, toxic, hateful ball of negativity and acting like a puckish, playful child.  I also often act like some bizarre, one-of-a-kind combination of both.  One of the things that I'm known for in real life is for saying totally outlandish things in a completely blunt, deadpan, matter-of-fact manner.  Whenever people ask me what my name is, I usually tell them that my name is Satan (and many inmates actually call me Satan for that very reason).  When they ask me what I'm in here for, I usually answer with "I'm in here for chopping people's heads off and fucking their eye sockets."  Whenever my mom asks me what I did today, I usually answer with something like "I ascended into heaven on the wings of the angels" or "I found out I'm pregnant."  I always go outside in the snow wearing just my T-shirt with no jacket and, whenever anyone says anything to me about it, I always tell them that "I'm a real gangster.  Real gangsters don't need jackets."  Most people think that I'm very weird, eccentric, and crazy, but not in a creepy or off-putting way.  I'm generally pretty well-liked.

Best wishes,

Joshua Goldberg