# 8 Nov - Joshua - Persona Factory Essay From February 17, 2017

Created time: November 9, 2023 11:20 AM
Files & media: ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_19.06.50.png
Multi-select: Doc

On websites where one is asked to give a short self-description in their profile, my description of myself would always be "Who am I?".  Indeed, that's a question that I find myself pondering every single day, but I have no real answer to it.  I have no idea who I am, but I know who I have pretended to be - everyone from a European-American Jew to a Japanese teenage girl to an Inuit in Greenland.  On the Internet, I could be whoever I wanted to be, and that is exactly what I did.  In an article by Cathy Young published shortly after my arrest, the lurid saga of my Internet antics and my subsequent exposure as a troll with countless personas was described as "a cautionary tale" reminiscent of a well-known editorial cartoon in which two dogs are seen at a computer, with one dog telling the other that, "on the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog."  Young concluded that, on the Internet, one can sometimes get the sinking feeling that everyone online is just "you and one troll with five million different personas."

As I am sure you know, the persona that I was arrested for was "Australi Witness", an Australian ISIS supporter.  But "Australi Witness" was only one of my countless personas - other notable ones included "Tanya Cohen" (a.k.a. "DreamBug"), "Amina Washington" (a.k.a. "Blackberry_Rosemary" on Reddit and "AminaBlackberry" on Twitter), "Michael Slay" (a.k.a. "European88"), "Emily Savea" (a.k.a. "Emily_Americana"), "Mouthful_of_Grandpa", "Death_to_SJWs", "Nuke_Europe", "Island_Angel", "Hadiyo Elmi", "Ryoko Tamada", "metacanadian_420", "Dinah Silverstein", "Karen Rosenbaum", "Emily Goldstein", and "GameBoy Girl", to name just a few.  Almost everything that I do - both online and offline - is a persona.  Virtually all of my words and actions - on the Internet and in real life - are just me taking on roles or putting on an act.  I have no real idea of who I "really" am and what my "real" personality is.  And I can analyze fictional characters, but I can't analyze myself, so I guess I sort of have to turn myself into a fictional character (or numerous fictional characters) in order for things to make sense to me.  I have no real sense of self or a real self-identity.  I have no idea what I "really" am.

I often pretended to be a far-right fascist on the Internet (as "Michael Slay"/"European88"/"Gas-the-Kikes"/"Le_Cancer-kin"/"Maydolf_Titler"/"WakeUpWhiteMan"/"Proud_European"/etc.), but that was only to get a rise out of people (and to sabotage/discredit the extreme right).  I am not remotely a bigot in real life.  In actuality, I have no real, concrete political allegiances, and I usually just try to be as contrarian as possible.  There is really no political ideology in existence that I do not hold in the utmost contempt, hence why I bent over backwards to offend and outrage everyone from the far-left to the far-right.  A quick look at my main Twitter account - "MoonMetropolis" - will show that I was far-right one minute and far-left the next minute, spewing out an extremely broad range of wildly incompatible ideological viewpoints and basically just going out of my way to always disagree with whoever I was arguing with at the moment and to buck against whatever the majority opinion was.  A casual glance at my main IMDb account - "Madotsuki_the_Dreamer" - will show that my contrarian streak is not only political in nature, but also extends to everything from movies and music to my utter disdain for everything that "normal" people enjoy, like sex and partying.  "Madotsuki_the_Dreamer" was basically how I like to imagine myself being - as some kind of real-life Daria Morgendorffer from Daria mixed with Madotsuki from Yume Nikki mixed with Rei Ayanami from Neon Genesis Evangelion mixed with Daniel Plainview from There Will Be Blood.  Again, everything is much easier for me if I just make myself into a fictional character.  I can't just "be myself", because I have no idea who "myself" really is.

Creating personas is not just something that I do on the Internet.  A few times here at Butner FMC, I've told people that I'm Apollo, a computer hacker from Hagatna, Guam.  If I had been living on a college campus, I probably would have gone as far as dressing up like a woman, putting on a voice modifier, and passing myself off as Ponette LaCroix, an exchange student from Paris.  Then I probably would have changed my outfit and wig, adjusted my voice modifier, and told people that I was Pandora Baskova, a Russian-American painter from Anchorage, Alaska.  In many ways, this behavior is very similar to the character Roger Smith from the awful Seth MacFarlane cartoon American Dad - a space alien with a "persona factory" where he constantly invents new human personas, both male and female, for himself to act as in public.  In one episode, Roger has an emotional breakdown and burns down his persona factory after coming to the realization that he only creates these personas because he is utterly hollow inside, with no real sense of self.

Perhaps, at the end of the day, that's all I really am: a persona factory.  Is that really something that anyone should aspire to be?  No, of course not.  Much like Roger, I am little more than a hollow shell of a person - able to put on an act and pretend to be whoever I want, but not able to have any real sense of who I truly am.  So, as my old online self-description says: Who am I?  Well, that sure beats me.