# 8 - Nov - Joshua - Hawaiian Pizza

Created time: November 9, 2023 11:38 AM
Files & media: ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_19.09.55.png, ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_19.10.05.png, ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_19.10.12.png

Hawaiian Pizza is, like most of the movie and TV show ideas that I've come up with, an animated character study of a strange, troubled, selcouth adolescent girl, but this would be a very different kind of story than many of the other ones that I've come up with, and this protagonist would be very different from many of my others. The violent, disturbing, nihilistic, life-denying tone would be absolutely nowhere to be found here, and the protagonist of this film would not be a disturbed, emotionless, amoral, apathetic loner (although she wouldn't exactly be the picture of normality either, and would demonstrate many troubling behaviors). The film would follow **Nola Terayama, a half-black, half-Japanese 12-year-old girl in Honolulu**, whose wealthy parents (both corporate types) pay her absolutely no attention whatsoever. **Nola very much looks black, with Asian eyes, and has big, curly black hair**. In stark contrast to most people in Hawaii, **Nola only wears long-sleeved shirts and long pants**, as she can't stand having any part of her body exposed. **Nola is exceptionally beautiful, but never wears makeup**. Nola is a lesbian, but refuses to admit that she is, even though everyone knows it (most directors would make this the entire focus of the movie, but not me; it would just be a minor plot point). Nola is very enigmatic and puzzling, and a lot of her behaviors make absolutely no logical sense (for example, at one point, she calls in a bomb threat to her parents' workplace for no apparent reason). She would come across as a very mixed-up and very confused (but very sympathetic) young girl.

Nola's only friend at school is a **lively, sassy, charming, alacritous black girl** who goes by the nickname **Pudding** (Pudding's real name, **Brittany Wallace**, is not revealed until the last scene). **Pudding wears her hair in braids** and is, like Nola, **average height and size for a 12-year-old girl**. Nola and Pudding are the only **black** students at a school consisting almost entirely of Japanese and Filipino students, and both of them are avid **skateboarders** and **rollerskaters**. Pudding's low-income deadbeat parents (both hardcore drug addicts) are just as negligent as Nola's rich parents and, like Nola, Pudding has absolutely no supervision whatsoever (Nola's parents are seen only very briefly and sporadically, while Pudding's parents are never seen). The friendship between Nola and Pudding takes on romantic overtones at times, they are very affectionate with each other, they are often shown holding hands, and they go to the school dance together, but it is never explicitly stated that they are anything more than just close friends (although the other kids constantly gossip about them being a lesbian couple; when another girl calls Nola a dyke, Nola responds by bashing that girl in the face with a fire extinguisher, breaking the girl's nose and getting Nola suspended from school). Nola's other friend is her next-door neighbor **Fred Matsushima, a gay, elderly Japanese man** who tries to be a positive influence on Nola (especially since he knows that Nola's parents are focused entirely on their careers and pay zero attention whatsoever to Nola).

Nola gets herself a cooking job at **local pizza joint Pizza Luau** by convincing the **restaurant's owner - a clueless Filipino immigrant** who speaks very poor English - that she's actually a 24-year-old woman from Dallas named Yolanda Peters who has a rare genetic condition that causes her to look like a 12-year-old (Nola even puts on a mock-Texan twang whenever she's in his presence, often busting out a "WELL, SHEEIT!"). **Nola turns Pizza Luau's basement into a mini-skate park** and invites Pudding over to skate there, with Pudding then inviting more people over. Soon afterwards, people begin offering Nola money to use the pizza place for other purposes, with Nola accepting the money from all of them without any consideration. Eventually, some shady characters begin using the place to store and sell drugs, getting Nola and Pudding inadvertently entangled in a large drug ring that ends up getting busted by the feds. Nola breaks the law on a constant basis from beginning to end (she is especially fond of stealing things), but this is the first time that she actually gets in trouble for it. The last scene would be Nola and Pudding smiling at each other in the courtrom, both of them very happy to see each other again and both of them paying absolutely no attention to what the prosecutor is saying.

This film would not be suitable for the youngest children, but it would be suitable for kids Nola's age. The film's content would be at a PG-13 level. For example, in one scene, Nola and Pudding get in trouble for clicking into porn on a school computer; the porn would not be shown on screen, only their reactions to it (and, eventually, the teacher's reaction to it). Nola is very innocent and prudish about sex, but Pudding indicates that she has been having sex (with both boys and girls) since early childhood. There would be nothing graphic in this film, but it would still touch on some very dark subject matter at times. The darkest moment in the film would be a scene where Nola and Pudding both smoke a bunch of marijuana (which both of them had never done before) and Nola ends up telling Pudding how she got molested at a summer camp that her parents sent her to when she was 8, which is why she always dresses so conservatively. Pudding also tells Nola about how she often sees her father beating her mother, how scared it makes her feel, and how she frequently considers running away. Eventually, Nola and Pudding fall asleep snuggled up together.

The film would, like all of my films, take an extremely intimate view of the inner life of its protagonist, and the dialogue would have a very naturalistic feel to it, with the characters often having extremely candid, intimate conversations (I would have actual 12-year-old girls do the voices of these characters; Pudding's voice is unmistakably that of an African-American girl, but Nola's voice sounds like it could belong to a girl of any race). Throughout the film, Nola and Pudding have extended (and often quite profound) conversations about a wide range of topics, frequently delving into some very uncomfortable subjects, which would be discussed in incredibly frank detail. Nola and Fred have similarly deep conversations, and there would be a memorable scene where Fred tells Nola about his experiences being placed in an internment camp during WWII, and how it paled in comparison to the persecution that he experienced as a gay man. Fred repeatedly tries to get Nola to come to terms with her own homosexuality, but is never able to (everyone knows that Nola is gay except for Nola). As always, there would be absolutely no trite, preachy, schmaltzy, perfervid schwarmerei when dealing with this subject matter (or any subject matter).

One thing that would characterize a lot of my films is that you would have a hard time believing that they hadn't been made by a female director. My portrayals of the inner lives and minds of turbulent young girls would be so in-depth and so intimate that you would swear that they had been done by someone who was once a turbulent young girl. It's actually a lot harder for me to come up with male protagonists than it is for me to come up with female ones, and my films would mainly be from the female perspective. The psychology of women (especially of young girls) is just so much more interesting than the psychology of men.

Another thing that would characterize my films is that I would frequently use music that clashes wildly with what's portrayed on screen, and it would often feel like the soundtrack had just been assembled completely at random. In this film, the soundtrack would consist entirely of jazz music, which Nola is a huge fan of. All throughout the film, there would be amusing scenes - set to jazz music - of Nola walking around stores and shoplifting random items. There would be a memorable scene where Nola sneaks into a jazz festival (which she recklessly drove to by hotwiring her parents' minivan), then sneaks backstage to try to steal a saxophone from her favorite musician, only to get caught in the act. Rather than getting mad at her, the wise old jazz musician has an intimate talk with Nola, then lets her have the saxophone (after autographing it).

This would not be a comedy film, but there would be a lot of funny moments in it. One repeated source of low-key humor would be how Nola constantly goes to local skate shop Sk8 Station to shoplift skate gear, snagging it directly in front of the always-stoned teenage pothead burnout working behind the desk who never stops her. On the occasions when he says anything at all, like "hey, you're supposed to pay for that", Nola always gives him some new concocted excuse, like "it's fine, I work here. This is all out-of-date stuff that your boss told me to get rid of." And he always responds something like "oh, okay."

The worst influence on Nola is **Pudding's delinquent friend Lottie. A freckled redhead who always wears her hair in pigtails, Lottie is the spoiled rotten child of two billionaires** who own the company that Nola's parents work for - and, thanks to her parents, Lottie gets away with absolutely everything. Lottie instructs Nola on all manner of criminal activities and supplies the marijuana that Nola and Pudding try in an aforementioned scene. In one scene, **Lottie hotwires her parents' expensive sports car (teaching Nola how to do so)**, then takes Nola and Pudding on a reckless joyride before slamming the car through a public swimming pool's gates and crash-landing in the swimming pool (the people at the swimming pool only narrowly avoid getting hit). Lottie, Nola, and Pudding all escape unharmed, and Lottie, as always, gets in no real trouble for it.

**Ladybugs** would be a recurring motif in all of my films, including this one. **Ladybugs would appear all throughout this film, from Nola's ladybug shirt and ladybug backpack to the ladybug video game that Nola plays on her phone.** All of my films would have at least one **albino character and at least one mute character as well. In this film, Nola secretly has a massive crush on Lumina, a resplendently beautiful mute albino girl at her school.** The epitome of the cute mute, Lumina comes across as the most innocent, pure-hearted girl on the face of the earth, with a downright magical aura about her. **Lumina - the daughter of a Native Hawaiian man and an albino Ukrainian woman -** communicates only through written notes, **usually has on face paint, and dreams of being a circus acrobat.** There would be a charming scene where Lumina (via written note) invites Nola to her house, which Nola rollerblades to. Lumina paints Nola's face up and tries to teach Nola acrobatics. As Nola leaves, Lumina kisses her on the cheek, causing Nola to blush. Later, I would make a follow-up film - Lumina's Light - focusing on Lumina as an adult (and the adult Nola would make an appearance at the end of Lumina's Light).

In all of my films, I would try to avoid the typical tropes and cliches used by Hollywood filmmakers. For example, the typical Hollywood director would make race a focal point of a story like Hawaiian Pizza, but, thankfully, I'm not the typical Hollywood director. The subject of Nola's racial identity (being half-black and half-Japanese) would never even be discussed at any point in the film. Nola's homosexuality would be discussed, but it would not be the central focus of the film, and there would be no didactic moralizing of any sort. The typical Hollywood director would go absolutely out of their way to show off how totally woke and progressive they are, but, again, I'm not the typical Hollywood director. I would never be shoving any views down viewers' throats, and I would never even take sides in anything portrayed in my films. Whether I'm portraying deeply sympathetic characters like Nola or profoundly evil and scrofulous ones, I would always take a totally neutral, detached viewpoint of everything and I would always let the viewers decide for themselves. All of my characters would be extremely fleshed out, nuanced, and multilayered, and there would be no simplistic black-and-white morality in any of my films.