# 8 - Nov - Joshua - Reply to Ismael’s questions

Created time: November 9, 2023 11:35 AM
Files & media: ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_19.07.30.png, ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_19.08.33.png, ../Capture_decran_2023-11-30_a_19.08.43.png
Multi-select: ITW, Joshua, conversation

First off, there are pages and pages of things that I've sent to Mike Wendling (and others) over the years that you would definitely be interested in reading. Some of the paragraphs in this email are paragraphs that I previously sent to Wendling - and, again, there is plenty more where that came from.

How did you first come across my Medium articles and my IMDb account? I can only hope that my IMDb lists (like the massive "Films Considered Distrubing" one) are still up, as I put a great deal of time and effort into them.

The House is Black is a must-see short film (especially for a documentary filmmaker), showing off the infinite poetical potential of cinema. Here's how the book 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die succinctly describes it: "Forugh Farrokhzad's twenty-minute black-and-white documentary about a leper colony in northern Iran is one of the most powerful films to have come out of this country - the most poetic as well as the most radically humanist. Farrokhzad (1935 - 1967) is commonly regarded as the greatest Persian poet of the twentieth century, and one of her poems can be heard recited by the hero in Abbas Kiarostami's The Wind Will Carry Us (1999), whose title is that of the poem. Her only film - which reflects the probably influence of silent Soviet cinema without being in any way obviously derivative of it - seamlessly adapts the techniques of poetry to its framing, editing, sound, and narration. The latter is split between two voices, male and female. The male voice, belonging to Ebrahim Golestan - the film's producer, Farrokhzad's lover, and a considerable filmmaker in his own right - is mainly objective and factual; the female voice is Farrokhzad's, offering a poetic and highly emotional reverie about her subject that incorporates passages from the Old Testament. At once lyrical and extremely matter-of-fact, devoid of sentimentality or voyeurism yet profoundly humanist, The House is Black offers a view of life in the colony - people eating, various medical treatments, children at school and at play - that is spiritual, unflinching, and beautiful in ways that have no apparent Western counterparts; it registers like a prayer."

If I were to make documentaries, many of them would be cinema verite films like the kind made by Frederick Wiseman. Stan Brakhage's film The Act of Seeing With One's Own Eyes (a silent, detached examination of autopsies) is another perfect example of what my documentaries would be like. I would often film highly sensational subjects in a completely subdued, matter-of-fact, non-sensational manner. I would never be shoving my views down the audience's throat. The viewers can decide for themselves.

The classic 1929 experimental film and cinematic tone poem H2O is one of my all-time favorites. Like The House is Black and The Act of Seeing With One's Own Eyes, it is the apotheosis of the poetic avant-garde documentary film. Experimental filmmaker Nathaniel Dorsky made a similar film about sand, Alaya (1987), which I've heard is a masterpiece, but was never able to track down a copy of.

A Trip to the Moon (1902) - which I'm sure you've seen - is my favorite short film of all time, though. I've loved that film and all of Georges Melies's films since I was a kid. His films were surrealism before surrealism existed, as strange, magical, dreamlike, and irresistibly charming as it gets. The crudeness of the early special effects only enhances the charm (and the haunting atmosphere) of the films. I absolutely adore Melies's surreal imagery, which was a huge influence on the development of surrealism. One of my favorite bands - The Smashing Pumpkins - did a tribute to Melies with the music video for their song "Tonight, Tonight", with the video being a riff on A Trip to the Moon. Needless to say, that's definitely my favorite music video.

On IMDb, I was known for being exceptionally contrarian, often giving negative reviews to universally revered films like The Godfather and Bicycle Thieves (I was particularly known for how much I hated the movie Fargo). One could compare me to Armond White in that respect, but the main difference between him and I is that Armond White would not only trash critically acclaimed films, but would also name something like Paul Blart: Mall Cop as the best movie of the year. There are tons and tons of highly acclaimed films that I didn't like, but there are no universally panned films that I loved.

The only time I ever gave the thumbs-up to a universally panned film (I gave it 6/10, which just barely qualifies as a thumbs-up) was the 1991 film Closet Land. The only film to ever get an R rating "for psychological torture", the film was made as a political statement against torture (the director's husband worked for Amnesty International). It's a 2-character drama that consists entirely of a children's book author (played by Madeleine Stowe) being interrogated by a totalitarian government goon for allegedly inserting clandestine anti-government messages into her books (it's eventually revealed that the interrogator molested the author when she was a child as well). The film's biggest problem is that it's just so incredibly over-the-top and theatrical, with the elaborate set pieces and overly dramatic acting style detracting significantly from its power. In order to be effective as a statement against torture, you need grueling, brutal realism, not hammy, scenery-chewing melodrama. Still, it's not a bad film at all, IMO. Leonard Maltin gave it one-and-a-half stars, but conceded that nobody can possibly accuse the filmmakers of taking the easy way out. Indeed, it takes considerable skill to make something like this, even if it could have certainly been much better.

As stated before, if I were a director, I would constantly force viewers to confront the unimaginable evil that exists in the world, and I would constantly make people think about things that they don't want to think about. But I would never be exploitative or mean-spirited, and my films would always be imbued with genuine pathos and tenderness.

Lars von Trier and Werner Herzog would definitely not be influences of mine. I absolutely hate Lars von Trier's films (he ranks right alongside Harmony Korine as my least favorite director), and Werner Herzog's films have never really made much of any impression on me one way or the other (I never really understood the massive amounts of praise heaped on them).

The 2008 Japanese film Children of the Dark is a good example of the way that I would approach unpleasant subject matter. Following Japanese NGO workers investigating child sex and organ trafficking in Thailand, movies really do not get much more unrelentingly grim than this. There is not a single light or humorous moment and, every time you think that it's going to cut away, it doesn't. The film is jaw-droppingly graphic, showing absolutely everything in unflinching detail - you see small children get raped on screen, beaten severely, deliberately infected with diseases, killed, cut open, and used as organ farms. But at no point does it feel like you're watching sensationalistic exploitation, nor does the viewer become numb to what they're seeing (unlike in many other films of this type), and the director knows how to fill the film with genuine empathy and poignancy (one scene between an ingenue Japanese worker and a dying child is quite touching). This is powerful, important, and unforgettable cinema, even if it's something that's absolutely guaranteed to ruin your day.

Honestly, I'm not a fan of shock value for the sake of shock value or violence for the sake of violence. And I'm especially not a fan of violence played for laughs. If I were a director, my portrayals of violence would be extremely graphic, but they would never be titillating or exploitative, and they would certainly never be funny. My violent scenes would be deeply disturbing, profoundly sickening, and often quite thought-provoking.

My cloistered and recumbent daily existence in the SHU was, ironically, very similar to the sessile, tenebrous life that I lived on the street. It was an existence characterized by listless indolence, with the main difference being that I had absolutely no contact with the outside world other than letters (which were the only thing to look forward to). When one is in the SHU, it is extremely difficult to feel anything other than total disconsolateness and impuissance. No prison provides a salubrious environment (especially when it comes to mental health), but nothing is more insalubrious than being in the SHU for an extended period of time. And I genuinely fear that being in the SHU for so long has done permanent psychological damage. Ever since I spent more than a year in the SHU in 2019 - 2020, I've been feeling almost dyslexic when I try to read, like my mind can't focus on one word at a time. I can only assume that being in the SHU for so long is what caused this, as it was never a problem before. I had hoped that it would only be temporary, yet it persists.

It's funny that you ask me about dreams, as that's something that I've always been utterly fascinated by. For a while now, I've been trying to induce a lucid dream, but haven't had any success so far.

The Coney Island Amateur Psychoanalytic Society was an underground collective dedicated primarily to analyzing each other's dreams, and they made a series of fascinating avant-garde films based on their dreams. Google "Coney Island Amateur Psychoanalytic Society" and you'll find an article about them with all of the films, which are very much worth watching.

My favorite artwork in any medium would probably have to be the freeware computer game Yume Nikki (Dream Diary), which I was known for my fixation with online (Madotsuki_the_Dreamer was my screen name on IMDb and Madotsuki was my avatar on all sites). This is not a game that requires any skill to play - it's an art game that's all about exploration and discovery (many call games like this "exploration games" or "walking simulators"). In the game, players explore the dreams of a mysterious young girl named Madotsuki (which means something like "windowed", hence why she has a window on her dress). As you wander around the dreams, you gather "effects", most of which do absolutely nothing. There are "events" in the dreams, the most well-known of which is one where, if you turn off the lights in one part of a dream, there's a random chance that the dream will suddenly turn into a hellish nightmare where a blonde young girl in the room turns into a freakish ghost-looking figure who fans call Uboa and, if you touch Uboa, you'll be transported into another nightmarish atmosphere where Uboa's face has changed to be even more bizarre and you can only move from side to side through some kind of white liquid (the only way to get out of this part is the same way that you get out of any part of the game - by pinching yourself to wake up). Once you gather every "effect", you're able to end the game by taking Madotsuki out of her apartment, which she proceeds to jump off of to her death. The game has a massive cult following, with people creating "fangames" based on it and posting theories about what they think certain things in the game mean (one of the most common theories is that Madotsuki was raped - this has been said so much that fans of the game now mockingly say "Madowasraped" as an in-joke). I was a regular on Uboachan, an anonymous imageboard dedicated to the game (this was certainly the only anonymous imageboard in existence with a relatively civil, mature community), and I created the Uboachan groups on Facebook and Steam). Yume Nikki is surrealist art at its absolute finest, and it serves as irrefutable proof that video games deserve to be taken seriously as an artistic medium. I absolutely adore artsy, 2deep4u indie games like this.

When psychologists at Miami FDC had me take a personality test, they were unable to form any conclusions from it because I gave such an extremely unusual combination of answers. That sounds about right.

My sister was not the one who published my last 2 Medium pieces. They were published by my closest online friend, Melanie, who I've known online since I was 14 (but have never actually met in real life). Melanie is now too busy to publish things for me, however, hence why I now rely on my sister for it.

The closer I am to someone, the less I want them knowing about me. Since I'm closest to my immediate family, I want them knowing the least about me, and I don't tell them anything that goes on in my life. The only people who I'm remotely comfortable with knowing about my personal life are complete strangers. That's why I'm comfortable being so frank with you here. I am very candid and ingenuous with strangers. You're a stranger to me and I'm a stranger to you - and I wouldn't want it any other way.

A stranger in a strange place,

Joshua Goldberg