# Joshua to IJC - 4 dec 23 - About Nana’s journey (2/2) pt1

Created time: December 4, 2023 5:21 PM
Files & media: ../CorrlinksPdf.pdf

JOSHUA RYNE GOLDBERG (63197018)

12/4/2023 6:34:29 AM

Re: About Nana's Journey (2/2)

There's a well-known/notorious image - widely circulated on places like /r/cringepics and Cringe Channel - of a teenage boy saying "I HAVE TWO SIDES... NICEST PERSON YOU WILL EVER MEET [picture of him smiling at the camera] AND... TWISTED FUCKING PSYCHOPATH [picture of him with goth eye makeup on scowling and flicking a candle lighter]". As cringe-inducing as that image may be, it pretty much describes me. I can be the nicest person in the world, but I can also be a "twisted fucking psychopath". What I was doing online, for example, is textbook psychopathic behavior: just starting random fires and trying to create as much chaos and destruction as I possibly could for absolutely no reason whatsoever other than simply because I could. But, when I was at Butner, I would also regularly help out the demented guys and the blind guys in the unit, which is about as far from psychopathic behavior as you can possibly get. I really don't understand myself, to be perfectly honest.

When I first arrived at Butner, one of the very first things that I saw there was officers in the solitary confinement wing banging on inmates' doors and yelling incredibly vulgar, hateful, and sexual abuse at the severely mentally ill people in isolation. That, of course, foretokened my entire hellish experience there. The staff at Butner, with a few exceptions, pretty universally hated me and considered me to be a "faggot bitch terrorist wannabe". If they didn't like you, they would literally just make shit up to get you put in solitary. It's honestly hard for me to describe who at Butner was worse: the staff or the inmates. Being in a psych ward is exactly like how it's portrayed in movies, with insane nutjobs painting the walls with their fecal matter, masturbating in public, screaming all night long, and so forth. At Butner, I would often get attacked by deranged lunatics for absolutely no reason whatsoever (an staff members there would often allow me to be attacked). There was also no shortage of sexual predators at Butner, and inmates there would often proposition me for sex, threaten to rape me, and so forth, with the officers doing absolutely nothing about it (in fact, the officers might even join in).

I no longer have copies of any of the letters sent to me at Butner, because the lieutenant at Butner had all of my property destroyed (including all of my cards and letters, my legal papers, over $1000 worth of books, and hundreds of dollars' worth of commissary) the last time he had me put in solitary confinement there (where I remained for months until I finally got moved to Coleman FCC Medium). Every single day, he would come down to the solitary confinement wing where I was to taunt and threaten the inmates down there. By the grace of nonexistent God, my doctor was able to retrieve my most valuable items - my folders with all of my writings in them, which I was the most devastated about losing - because they had been kept in the officers' station, separate from the rest of my property. But everything else I never got back.

Other than some radio stations, there is absolutely nothing that I miss about being at Butner. I am extremely glad to finally be out of that environment, because I could genuinely feel it eating away at my sanity more and more each day. The more time I spent there, the more I was going to become like the insane mental patients that I was surrounded by. That environment was one that could drive absolutely anyone completely insane.

I'm done being a victim. I've been working out every day so that I can effectively fight back when these cockroaches try to intimidate me. I already have vastly superior intelligence to the rest of the inmates and staff members, but that doesn't matter in here. The only thing that these drooling neanderthals understand is brute force. And I'm not just gonna sit back and take it like a bitch anymore. Fuck that. The next reprobate who puts his hands on me is going to seriously regret it. I've never been a violent person before, but you absolutely have to be in order to survive in the hellish, dog-eat-dog environment of prison. You simply cnnot reason with these feral, depraved, truculent beasts. I don't exactly scream "triple O.G.", but I am certainly capable of being one seriously cold-blooded S.O.B.

Even today, I would still consider when I was 14 to be the lowest point in my life. My behavior back then was incredibly creepy, obnoxious, and autistic, and looking back on it really makes me cringe in disgust. I still constantly beat myself up over things that I did when I was 14. The 14-year-old me was an utterly vile, repulsive, loathsome, disgusting, despicable scumbag, and was one of the most cringe-inducing individuals ever to walk the face of the earth.

On the street, when people asked me where I saw myself in 10 years, my answer would often be "dead or in prison". I also remember, when I was 14, a thread on IMDb's The Soapbox board (where I was a major nuisance at the time) asking the board's users to predict the futures of the board's high schoolers. My future was correctly predicted as "incarcerated". Aside from my immediate family, the people who knew me weren't even surprised by the details of my arrest, because it sounded like something that I would do. The last thing that anyone posted on my Facebook before it got shut down was "You fucked up, man. You fucked up." Yeah, no shit. I fuck up absolutely everything I get myself in trouble everywhere I go.

I've never remotely thought of myself as being a positive person - quite the opposite, in fact. But many people in prison have thought of me as a positive person. One of my old cellmates thought of me as being a very positive person because, he said, I was helping him grow as a person. He thanked me for putting up with all manner of shit from him, and for helping him to get off of drugs and get out of the convict mentlity. And, later, the case manager at Terre Haute FCI tasked me with being something of a keeper for a suicidal psych patient who had just arrived on my unit. He got sexually assaulted at his previous institution, so he was very nervous and frightened to be there. I assured the case manager that I would look out for this guy and I told the psych patient that, if he had any problems, to come to me about it, because I'm a psych patient just like him. I accepted him as my cellmate when nobody else would take him in, and I paid a shitton of money to have my room all painted and waxed up because he said that the room made him want to kill himself. It's actually much easier for me to deal with psych patients than it is for me to deal with quote-unquote "normal" people, because, obviously, I'm not a quote-unquote "normal" person and, as such, I simply cannot relate to normies on any level. But I can certainly relate to psych patients and other social outcasts.

I should note, however, that, after seemingly endless drama and him antagonizing me non-stop, the psych patient finally got moved to a different unit. I showed him nothing but kindness and he rewarded me by shitting all over me. As always, that's what I get for doing the right thing. No good deed goes unpunished. So much for karma.

There are times when I honestly feel like my current life is the origin story for some comic book villain. With each passing day, I gradually feel myself turning into a truly bad guy.

On Super Bowl Sunday, we always get a special buffalo wing meal in the BoP. For Super Bowl 2021, I was working in the kitchen at Terre Haute FCI (against my will). Kitchen workers usually bring back food to sell it to the guys on the unit, and the wings are in especially high demand since we only get them once a year. On Super Bowl Sunday that year, I brought back trays filled with buffalo wings and gave them out for free on the unit to anyone who wanted to take some. That's the kind of thing that only I would do, and it's the kind of thing that people love me for.

Is the Terry Knope II and Raylaine Knope case what came up when you Googled "hurtcore"? Like I said, the story was about a little girl who had been kept in a cage and routinely raped, tortured, and defecated on for "hurtcore porn". If that is indeed the story, could you please send it to me? Also, are you able to find how much time they were given and what prisons they are currently being held at?

You don't exactly have to look very hard to find countless examples of truly vile behavior from UN diplomats. Hell, there was an entire movie made about it - the 2011 film The Whistleblower.

A while back, I found out that 2 of the inmates who I was friendliest with at Butner - John Blaes and Joseph Totoro (one can easily find details about both of them online) - were both actually horrific child rapists. Obviously, both of them lied to me about what they were in prison for, and I deeply regret being friendly with both of them. Blaes admitted that he was a sex offender, but gave me a bullshit story about how it was just him trying to hook up with a teenage girl online. In reality, him and his girlfriend literally kept a 15-year-old girl as a sex slave, and they posted videos of the sexual abuse online. Totoro had an elaborate story about how he was a mini-Edward Snowden, in prison for leaking government secrets. In reality, he was another horrible kiddie rapist. I was quite nice to both Blaes and Totoro, just like I'm quite nice to most people in real life (as hard to believe as that may be). I gave Totoro one of my radios, and I bought him batteries from the commissary every week so that he could listen to it. I also comforted him when he was telling me about the trauma that he experienced from being gang-raped at Philadelphia FDC. Looking back now, I feel like such a fucking idiot. I would never cheer someone getting raped, but, honestly, he was just getting to experience what he made those kids experience. The biggest red flags about him were that he seemed oddly sympathetic to the plight of pedophile inmates (almost everyone in prison talks about pedophiles the way that I do unless they're a pedophile), and how he apparently got brutalized non-stop at Philadelphia FDC. Inmates might get bullied and harassed for no reason (like me, to use one good example), but nobody is going to experience that kind of extreme brutality for no reason.

Blaes was a devoutly religious, conservative Catholic, which is not at all surprising. It's no different than Catholic priests raping altar boys while they simultaneously condemn homosexuality and drink the AIDS-infected blood of Christ. Totoro was a conservative Christian as well. Nevertheless, both of them came across as very nice, which, I guess, shows you how sexual predators are able to lure in their victims. Ted Bundy reportedly came across like an incredibly nice, charming, charismatic guy. So did John Wayne Gacy, who was a very well-liked clown at children's birthday parties.

The SHU is exactly like how it is portrayed in the movies. With that said, the SHU at Terre Haute FCI was actually a significant improvement over the compound. The SHU at Terre Haute FCI was air conditioned (unlike the compound) and the cells were 3x bigger (the cells at Terre Haute FCI are the smallest in the entire BoP).

The main reason why Nana's Journey couldn't be made in live-action is the same as the main reason that Princess (2006) and Where the Dead Go to Die (2012) couldn't have been made in live-action: if made in live-action, the filmmakers would have been immediately arrested (and rightfully so). I suppose, nowadays, it would be possible to use AI-generated imagery, but that's a legal gray area that nobody in their right mind is going to fuck with. Regardless, I've always been a huge animation connoisseur, and the power of animation to effectively tell stories with limitless potential is a force to be reckoned with.

The ridiculously lenient French film ratings board rated Fat Girl as being suitable for 12-year-olds; all other countries rated Fat Girl as being suitable only for ages 18 and up. I realize that France has different standards than America does, but, even so, I really cannot imagine that the average French parents would be comfortable showing Fat Girl to their 12-year-old. At the time of my arrest, no film had been given a rating of 18 ans avec avertissement by the French film ratings board (with Nana's Journey, I'd aim to be the first). Only a small handful of films had been given ratings of 18 ans. Bizarrely, they include the mainstream horror film Saw III (which was passed with an R rating in the US) and Koji Wakamatsu's film The Embryo Hunts in Secret (which would probably also pass with an R rating in the US). In the '70s, one film titled Pique Nique was given a rating of X for inciting violence, but I was not able to find any information about this film (and I don't know enough about the French political turmoil of the '70s to make any extrapolations).