# JRG to IJC - Ladybug Dust (2/2) - 12/11/2023 1:20:41 PM

Created time: December 11, 2023 11:57 PM
Files & media: ../CorrlinksPdf_(4).pdf

Major secondary characters include:

1. Oona, one of Nadia's neighbors, a frightening, monstrous psychopath who lives only to cause as much mayhem as she possibly can, with absolutely no regard for anyone's life. Her idea of a fun time is putting rat poison in the pepper shakers at restaurants, spiking the punch bowls at parties with cyanide, and handing out candy filled with razor blades to trick-or-treaters, to name just a few of the things that she does. She is the only character on the show who does not possess a single redeeming characteristic, although she is still portrayed as a fully fleshed-out human being. Much like the other people in Nadia's life, she effectively serves to make Nadia look like a saint by comparison. She is particularly drawn to Nadia because Nadia is the only person who is completely unfazed by everything that she does (when she kills Nadia's family cat and decorates the front of Nadia's house with its internal organs and chopped-up body parts, Nadia has no reaction to it and doesn't seem to care in the slightest, much to Oona's disappointment). Oona tries to convince Nadia that she is the one carrying out the sex murders in their city, but Nadia doesn't buy it for a second. Oona eventually dies a much-deserved death after accidentally locking herself inside of a building that she set on fire.
2. Max, Nadia's older brother, a junkie who subjects Nadia to constant sexual harassment when he isn't off shooting up heroin. Eventually, Nadia cold-bloodedly murders Max by injecting him with a deadly amount of his own drugs, with the police ruling it an overdose.
3. Radia, Nadia's mentally retarded little sister, who Max rapes on a regular basis. Eventually, Nadia smothers Radia to death with a pillow for reasons that would never be made clear.
4. Lola, one of Nadia's schoolmates, a bratty, whiny, and obnoxious fashion model from Germany. From the giant pink bow in her hair to the miniskirts that she always wears, she absolutely oozes girlish cuteness, and is easily the most attractive character on the show. Pouting and throwing a fit whenever she doesn't get her way, she loves nothing more than always being the center of attention. Much like Oona, she is particularly drawn to Nadia because Nadia is the only person who pays her absolutely no attention whatsoever and doesn't seem the slightest bit interested in anything that she does. However, unlike Oona, Lola is eventually revealed to be a lonely, vulnerable, sympathetic girl who, like Nadia, was abused as a child. There would be a memorable scene where Lola and Nadia, in incredibly frank detail, discuss their mutual childhood abuse; Lola gets highly emotional (even trying to kiss Nadia at one point, but being pushed away), while Nadia remains detached as always.
5. Noah, a boy who tags along with Nadia as she tries to hunt down the killer in their city, but Noah eventually flees as Nadia gets closer and closer to the killer (what really scares him off is when he looks through Nadia's scrapbook and is absolutely horrified to see that Nadia has taken numerous pictures not only of Ryan's mangled victims, but also of various rapes, beatings, stabbings, and killings that she has come across when wandering around their extremely violent, crime-infested city). His only real goal was seducing her, to absolutely no avail whatsoever, as Nadia is completely incapable of any kind of intimacy and has an aversion to sex after being molested as a child. In the last season, Noah is reluctantly pressured into raping and strangling Nadia to death after a night of heavy drinking and drug use with his delinquent friends. This scene would be a sickening tour-de-force that would go on for several minutes, shifting between Nadia's viewpoint, Noah's heavily intoxicated viewpoint, and the viewpoint of a detached "camera" in the distance. Noah would later shoot himself after sobering up and realizing what he did, vomiting when he goes back and sees Nadia's body and trying desperately in vain to resuscitate her. Unable to, he then goes home and blows his brains out with his father's double-barrel shotgun.
6. Aurelie and Ponette LaCroix, two creepy French identical twins who give everyone a hard time by making ridiculous demands and acting extremely bizarrely at every place they go to, eventually getting themselves banned from virtually every single establishment in the city.
7. Saira, Esma's boss, who tasks Esma with digging up dirt and flinging mud, but discourages Esma from pursuing the child porn ring.
8. Macy, Aoife's roommate, who tries to ignore everything that Aoife does, just like Aoife tries to ignore everything that Macy does. Macy is far more concerned with binge-drinking and having casual sex with strangers than she is with Aoife's hare-brained schemes. However, she does often get annoyed at Aoife, especially when Aoife tries in vain to be a musician.
9. Eleanor, Ryan's senile elderly mother whose mind works just barely enough to pay the bills for both of them.
10. Melody, a beautiful Mexican woman who Odin finds himself falling in love with, against his own wishes. As stated before, things end very badly for both of them.
11. Isis's unnamed stalker, who is never given any speaking lines until Isis finally turns the tables on him in the final season.
12. A mysterious little girl known only as The Girl in the Ladybug Costume, who appears in every character's story arc in subtle ways, but is never focused on in particular.
13. Clover, an energetic young woman who seemingly has every profession known to man and constantly invents new personas for herself to act as. Whenever another character needs a job or service done, Clover usually shows up, often to everyone's annoyance. She is also a very talented musician and leads several different bands (of several different genres) that always win music contests, making both Menstrual Cramps and The Electric Boozers green with envy. She appears in every character's story arc, but is never focused on in particular (until one episode in the last season, where it is revealed that, behind her bubbly exterior, she is just as miserable as most of the other characters and creates personas to make up for the emptiness that she feels inside).

Additional notes:

1. There would occasionally be one-off stories that are only one episode long and are never revisited. The two most memorable ones would be "Night of Sadness" (a woman lays dying in a pool of blood after downing vodka and pills and slashing her wrists; through flashbacks, we see her life and the events that led to her suicide) and "Dance With the Devil" (based on the well-known Tech N9ne song of the same name about a teenage gang-banger who, in a gang initiation, is made to rape a woman and then finds that he has just raped his own mother).
2. The show would be drawn and animated in a very artsy, unsettling style, sort of like many of the animated short films of the National Film Board of Canada (When the Day Breaks is a good example). Lines would move all over the place and colors would often bleed into each other.
3. The content would be easily the most shocking and graphic thing ever seen on television, animated or otherwise. With that said, some episodes would be entirely family-friendly.
4. The portrayals of characters' lives would be extremely intimate and personal while also being completely detached and non-judgmental.
5. Every character would be extremely complicated and have multi-faceted personalities. Nobody would be 100% good or 100% evil, and there would be no caricatures or "joke" characters.
6. Almost every character arc would end in the most gut-wrenching, heartbreaking manner possible. Happy endings would be exceedingly rare.
7. Any character can die at any time, and any character arc can end at any time (although the stories would sometimes continue for a bit, even after their main characters die, depicting the aftermath of their lives). In addition, new character arcs can begin at any time.
8. The show's overall tone would be sort of like a mixture of The Maxx, Yume Nikki, Krzysztof Kieslowski, Koji Wakamatsu, Bela Tarr, and Robert Altman.
9. There would be incredibly extensive use of licensed music, spanning all genres and eras. In addition, the music would often clash wildly with what's being depicted on screen (for example, soft pop music during a brutal murder scene). At times, it would feel like the soundtrack was just chosen completely at random.
10. The show would appear to take place in some dystopian nightmare version of New Orleans, with touches of New York City, Detroit, Atlantic City, San Francisco, Tokyo, Venice, Providence, and Washington, D.C. Ladybugs infest every single corner of the city. Ladybug imagery is a constant on the show.
11. In early seasons, there would be many moments of low-key humor. However, the series would get darker and darker as it progresses, and the final season would be the most pitch-black thing in television history.
12. The cast would obviously be highly diverse, but the whole "diversity" angle would never really be focused on, and the subject of race would never actually be brought up by anyone other than Odin and Ziona. Odin is a white supremacist neo-Nazi, while Ziona, who is black, goes absolutely out of her way to always be as iconoclastic and contrarian as possible and to always disagree with whoever she is talking to at the moment, espousing an extremely eclectic array of wildly incompatible ideological viewpoints that range from Uncle Ruckus to Malcolm X.
13. Real-life pop culture and celebrities would never be mentioned at any point in the series. There would be fictional celebrities with obvious parallels to real ones, but they would never be focused on in particular.
14. Obviously, there is no network in existence that would touch something like this with a 50-foot pole. That's why it's just an idea.