# JRG to IJC - 12/11/2023 1:22:18 PM - Reply

Created time: December 12, 2023 12:05 AM
Files & media: ../CorrlinksPdf_(7).pdf

Can you give me some specific writing prompts? I don't do very well with vague and nebulous prompts.

Shortly before I arrived at this institution, I shaved my head completely bald in the hopes that nobody will recognize me when I get out in the near future. Indeed, I now bear absolutely no resemblance to any of the pictures that exist of me. Rather than looking like the lead singer of some Grateful Dead tribute band playing at Burning Man, I now look like someone who could easily infiltrate neo-Nazi circles in real life, although that was not my intention.

My release date draws nearer and nearer and, honestly, at this point, all that I can feel is a profound sense of apprehension and anxiety. Even with my head shaved, I will be a permanently unemployable bete noir, treated with the utmost contempt by a public that will forever see me as a vile terrorist. As I have stated many times before, I don't want to be a hikkikomori leech living off of my parents forever. I already feel like an incredibly onerous parasite on them. But someone like me is never going to belong in society and, quite frankly, this is not a society that I would ever want to belong in anyways. I hate society even more than society hates me, and I certainly don't see that ever changing.

One thing that I never gave much thought to until my SHU stint at Edgefield: I'm on lifetime supervised release. When I get out, the government owns me. I'll have to check in with busybody government agents on a regular basis for as long as I live, and they can instantly send me back to prison on a vagary. They can come to my house, interrogate me, and ransack everything that I own whenever they feel like it. They can closely monitor every single thing that I do, including all of my communications. It's basically like being on parole forever. I will never be able to live anything even remotely resembling a normal life. My life is over.

I don't really have any interesting apercus about my new prison. It's a low-security institution, which means that it's open-dorm, with no cells, only cubicles. That might be great for normies, but it's definitely not great for autists like me. I absolutely can't stand it, and I really wish that they had sent me to another medium instead. On top of that, as in all lows, at least 45% of the inmates here are sex offenders, and you already know how I feel about those motherfuckers. However, I am going to try my best to keep my mouth shut this time, as I am trying to go home and never come back to the wretched hell on earth known as the Federal Bureau of Prisons. At the very least, I'm not going to be emailing violent fantasies about torturing and killing them.

To this prison's credit, the food here is positively superlative by prison standards (it's usually about on par with what you'd get at an average fast food restaurant). The food at Terre Haute FCI was of such low quality that a dog wouldn't even eat it, and the kitchen at Terre Haute FCI was like a caricature of a nasty kitchen out of some National Lampoon movie. If you kicked anything in the kitchen at Terre Haute FCI, roaches, mice, and rats would come flying out. They left food out for days before serving it to us, didn't properly cook hardly anything, and usually wore no hair nets or beard guards when preparing the food (hence why there would constantly be hairs in it). One day, during lunch, there was a roach uprising, with roaches taking over the kitchen and being found in everyone's lunch trays. They sent everyone back to their units. The next day, the warden put out a bulletin about First Step Act credits,

My upcoming "How Prison Made Me Hate the Police" article doesn't say anything about my current prison. It was written when I was being housed at my last prison (Terre Haute FCI), but I never got to publish it there before I got run off of the yard over some bullshit.

There were 2 secondary characters on Ladybug Dust that I decided to scrap:

1. Radia, a girl who looks almost exactly like Nadia, but is the complete polar opposite of Nadia in every other way. Fiery, hot-blooded, and wildly emotional, Radia is an engineering student by day and an exotic dancer by night. Radia is fascinated by Nadia and repeatedly tries to connect with her, but Nadia, in typical fashion, couldn't care less about Radia's existence.
2. Theo, Nadia's friendly gay next-door neighbor who tries (and, of course, fails) to be a sort of father figure for Nadia and to set her on the right path.

The Radia character I scrapped entirely and used the name for Nadia's little sister instead. The Theo character I recycled as Fred in Hawaiian Pizza.

Absolutely nothing is known about Yume Nikki developer Kikiyama. They're a complete mystery, and nobody knows their real identity or anything about them. Of course, that only adds to the game's appeal and mystique. The well-known bizarro cult band The Residents - known as "America's weirdest band" since they first began in the early '70s - have a similar thing going. Nobody has ever photographed them without their signature eyeball helmets (and, when 2 of those eyeball helmets were stolen, those 2 members started wearing gorilla masks instead), and nobody in the public knows their real identities or anything about them. Just like with Kikiyama, that only builds upon the image that they portray. If I were to make movies, games, music, books, or any other kind of art, that's exactly the kind of mysterious, enigmatic aura that I would assume, going under some cryptic alias and making sure that absolutely nothing was known about me.

I honestly feel guilty for the fact that my parents spent $20,000 on a lawyer for me, only to get a lawyer who completely screwed me over. My lawyer acted more like the prosecution than the defense. Instead of focusing on how I was merely trying to infiltrate online jihadist groups in the hopes of eventually becoming a journalist or potentially even law enforcement, my lawyer's brilliant legal strategy was to emphasize to the judge how I was trying to "create chaos", even quoting a 4chan post that I made where I said something like "I created an ISIS account on Twitter. How can I use it to create as much chaos as possible?" It's pretty hard to imagine how he could have possibly thought that that would help my defense, but, needless to say, it didn't. The plea deal was for 8 years and the prosecutor asked for 8 years, but the judge felt that that wasn't enough and gave me 10 years.

Years ago, at Butner, I typed up an essay about my autism - with a lot of detail about my childhood (the kind of detail that you're looking for) - that started out as something for psychology staff and then turned into something that could potentially be published (but never was). When you get the chance, please ask Mike Wendling to email you a copy of my article "If You're Aspie and You Know It, Flap Your Hands". That would be a lot easier (and cheaper) than me manually re-typing the entire thing. Ask Mike Wendling to send you my "Explanation of Various Personas" and my "Message to Coleman Psychology Staff" as well.

In the past, I used to hypocritically pass moral judgments on everyone and everything - including on internet trolls - while simultaneously engaging in the exact same behavior that I was condemning. One good example: I once blocked someone for trolling that Danii Sanders suicide thing, and I also posted a thread lambasting the trolls who did so. Nowadays, however, I openly identify as a nihilist. But my life had a very nihilistic tone even before my arrest.

A few years back, there were 2 genuine serial killer snuff videos that were widely distributed all over the internet: 3guys1hammer and 1lunatic1icepick. 3guys1hammer depicts a trio of Ukrainian serial killers brutally butchering a man with a hammer. 1lunatic1icepick depicts Canadian serial killer Luka Magnotta stabbing a man to death with an ice pick, then cutting off a chunk of his buttock and eating it. I watched both of those videos and, to be perfectly honest, both of them had no real effect on me. If you're a normal person who has empathy and emotions, then those videos would scar you for life (almost every single person who watched them talked about how they had been emotionally scarred). But, if you're someone like me, then they're just videos of people you don't know getting killed somewhere far away. I don't really feel anything when I watch stuff like that.

Ironically, one of the last movies that I watched before my arrest was The Human Centipede 3, about a sadistic prison warden who decides that "prison should be a real deterrent, not this daycare bullshit, so he devises a system where he stitches all of the inmates together mouth-to-anus, creating a 600-person "human centipede". I watched all 3 Human Centipede films (the second one was by far the most depraved, getting banned in the UK and several other countries), and all 3 of them were trash. There's no denying that director Tom Six possesses considerable skill behind the camera, but this is really an incredible waste of filmmaking ability. Much like John Waters, he's basically the cinematic equivalent of a juvenile internet troll (The A.V. Club's review of THC3 was titled "Like a troll, it's best to just ignore The Human Centipede 3"). His films are so over-the-top and ridiculous in their puerile desire to shock and offend that you would almost expect someone to yell "THE ARISTOCRATS!" at the end.

I will give THC3 credit for one thing: its portrayal of inmates as depraved, predatory reprobates and prison staff as cruel, sadistic bullies is 100% accurate. Prison staff members are just inmates who haven't been caught yet. The vast majority of them were either bullies in school or were bullied in school and now want the chance to be the bully. There is even more vile skullduggery among prison staff than there is among inmates. They love to be fascist martinets when they feel like it and they love to brutalize inmates because they get off on the power, but they also love to engage in the exact same degenerate behavior as the inmates. Why should anyone have even the most infinitesimal amount of respect for these louts? They deserve just as much respect as the inmates: none whatsoever. I cannot possibly tell you how sick I am of having to take orders from these worthless inbred retards. If you're gay or they think you're gay (as in my case), they will especially go out of their way to harass and torment you.

You discussed Elliot Rodger in your email. A lot of people undoubtedly had me pegged as some Elliot Rodger/Alek Minassian/Christian Weston Chandler-type scumbag, desperately trying in vain to get laid and acting like a predatory creep towards women. But nothing could possibly be farther from the truth. While I certainly come across as weird and I certainly do not have social skills, I don't come across as creepy or off-putting, and nobody has ever gotten Elliot Rodger vibes from me. And, while I'd much rather not have to deal with anyone, I've always had a much easier time dealing with women than dealing with other men. The last time I had any friends, as a teenager, all of them were girls. I never made sexual advances at any of them (as unbelievably gorgeous as some of them were), just like I've never made sexual advances at anyone, ever - and I never will, because I'm not interested in sex. People have made sexual advances at me, though. In spite of everything, I have been hit on plenty of times, by people of both genders. I was certainly no incel. My celibacy was 100% voluntary, and I hate neckbeards who think that they're entitled to women's bodies.

I do not have one lecherous bone in my body. There have been a number of really beautiful girls who were quite fond of me, and some of them would outright flirt with me. I'm sure that, had I made any effort to, I could have gotten at least a few of them to have sex with me. But, honestly, that thought never even crossed my mind. I just don't think like that. Not a single time in my life have I ever been motivated by sex.

There was something that I was hoping that you could find for me. Years ago, I read a short story - in the form of a screencap of someone posting it on 4chan - about how everyone who has ever lived is the same person in a different life. The story has never left my mind. Here's one line that I remember from it:

- -
"I'm Hitler?," you say with disgust.

## "And you are all of his victims."

Are you able to find this story anywhere?

One other thing that I was hoping you could find for me: what was the Twitter bot that tweeted out randomly-generated lines of surreal text, usually with a poetic flavor? The account's bio was very vague, giving no real information about it, and its profile picture (at least, at the time of my arrest) was a blue circle with a face on it. As "MoonMetropolis", I followed the account and retweeted it constantly.