# JRG to IJC - 12/11/2023 1:21:36 PM - Ladybug Dust (1/2)

Created time: December 11, 2023 11:58 PM
Files & media: ../CorrlinksPdf_(3).pdf

Ladybug Dust is an animated drama with episodes that vary widely in length and even more widely in tone. It follows the lives of several different characters who, for the most part, never meet or interact with each other. Episodes would focus on one character at a time (so, episode 1 would focus on character X, episode 2 would focus on character Y, episode 3 would focus on character Z, then back to character X, and so forth). It would be sort of like what American Horror Story does, except that it would jump between the different stories in the same season (and, of course, the trashy, over-the-top, mean-spirited tone found on American Horror Story would be nowhere to be found here).

Some of the characters focused on include:

1. Nadia Harlow, an ice-cold, detached, emotionless, violence-obsessed teenage girl (her exact age would never be given, but she would appear to be about 13) who becomes fascinated by a string of gruesome sex murders being committed in her city, and is determined to track down the person responsible (the murders are being committed by Ryan Napolitano, a mildly autistic transvestite subway janitor who lives with his senile mother). Nadia is an outcast among her peers, who know her only as "Little Red" and "Mrs. Claus" (she always dresses in all red), and she has no friends. She is portrayed as frighteningly amoral at times, with absolutely no empathy, no conscience, no feelings, and no concern for the lives of others (or even her own life), but with a certain vulnerability that makes her somewhat sympathetic (especially since she is surrounded by people who make her look like a paragon of virtue by comparison). Along with obsessing over the sex murders being committed in her city, Nadia mainly spends her spare time watching snuff videos on the internet, reading about serial killers, visiting morgues and cemeteries, and going to the funerals of people she doesn't know. Nadia is only 4 feet tall, has a milky-white complexion, has very long black hair down to her ankles, and always wears baggy, oversized red clothes, a red stocking cap, and a camera around her neck (she takes pictures of everyone and everything, often creeping people out). Her deadbeat mother thinks that her preoccupation with death and violence is sick, but doesn't really care about her one way or the other. Her father molested her as a child and then shot himself in front of her.

Nadia travels from place to place on her red bicycle. Nadia's favorite hangouts are the local ice cream parlors and candy shops (Nadia is extremely fond of sugary sweets, of which funnel cake and a fictional soda called Purple Fizz are her favorites, although she isn't fat) and, on the outskirts of the city, a trashy ladybug/outer space-themed amusement park called Ladybug Galaxy, which is an incredibly surreal, nightmarish dreamscape with an aesthetic that could probably best be described as something Georges Melies might dream up while having a very bad acid trip. The later at night it gets, the more frightening Ladybug Galaxy gets. Ladybug Galaxy has the nickname "Bodybag Galaxy" because of the staggering amount of violence that occurs there. Ladybug Galaxy is a favorite hangout for every single one of the main protagonists on the show, although they never actually interact with each other. There would be a memorable episode where Nadia gets lost in the park late at night after accidentally drinking LSD-laced soda, with Ryan on her trail (the two never actually come face to face, but get very close). Nadia and Ryan both live in ramshackle houses on the same street in the most violent part of the inner city.

1. April and May, two women who engage in an ongoing feud, retaliating against each other in increasingly horrible ways. Their rivalry starts off relatively harmless, but becomes more and more sick and disturbing as the series progresses, with both women steadfastly determined to completely wreck the other's life by any means necessary. This story arc would end with April and May both forgiving each other as they die together due to the result of their own actions.
2. Juniper Roberts, a dying little girl in a hospital who retreats into a fantasy world (fueled by the heavy-duty medicine that she's on) in which she embarks on fantastical adventures with Ms. Ladybug (an angelic woman with ladybug wings) and Mr. Bicycle-Headed Man (a silent man in a gray and black suit with a bicycle for a head). These episodes would be childlike fantasy with a strong undercurrent of heartbreaking tragedy. Ms. Ladybug and Mr. Bicycle-Headed Man would sometimes appear in the dreams of other characters as well, and would also make various small cameo appearances in other characters' story arcs (usually in the form of graffiti). In the last season, when the show would be at its absolute darkest, there would be a stop-motion Christmas special, "Ms. Ladybug and Mr. Bicycle-Headed Man Save Christmas", which would be genuinely sweet and family-friendly (with a haunting, dreamlike tone similar to the 1918 film The Blue Bird), and would have no real canonical connection to anything else in the series.
3. Mason and Ariel, two super-smart middle-schoolers who meet up at various places around the city to have long and often very profound discussions about a variety of subjects. It is never really made clear whether their relationship is strictly platonic or something more; they are never shown doing anything more intimate than hugging and holding hands.
4. Galaxy Spiegelman, an extremely eccentric young woman who is preoccupied with aliens and becomes convinced that she has uncovered an alien base in her hometown. There would eventually be a Mysterious Skin-type reveal that she used aliens as a cover to help deal with the abuse and neglect that she suffered as a child, with the subject of outer space coming naturally to her on account of her given name.
5. Aoife O'Neill, a low-grade wannabe scam artist who devises numerous elaborate, high-tech schemes to swindle people out of their money, all of which inevitably crash and burn in a spectacular fashion (although other people usually have to deal with the brunt of the consequences, leaving Aoife to come up with another scheme). In her spare time, she tries (and fails) to become the best glass armonica player in the world, blowing most of her money on the glass armonica and other bizarre musical instruments (although she possesses no musical ability whatsoever, and cannot play any instrument other than the kazoo and the triangle). Bound to a wheelchair, she acts like a playful child and is portrayed as deeply misguided (and blissfully unaware of the very real damage that her schemes cause to other people), but charming and not really bad at heart. Aoife lusts after her hunky next-door neighbor and spies on him with binoculars, but never says a single word to him and becomes a nervous wreck in his presence. Aoife uses her disability as an excuse to never go outside.
6. Thana Baskova, a bitter, nihilistic misanthrope whose only goal in life is to cause as much chaos and destruction as she possibly can while hiding her true nature from the federal government (her employer). However, instead of causing destruction (her goal), she always ends up doing something good/helpful by accident, much to her chagrin. She would occasionally be shown as capable of kindness, and perhaps nowhere near as truly evil as she would like to be.
7. Ryan Napolitano, a mildly autistic transvestite subway janitor who lives with his senile mother and commits the sex murders being investigated by the police (and by Nadia). Nicknamed "The Mad Batter", Ryan is a necrophile serial killer who always kills his victims by bashing their heads in with a baseball bat wrapped in barbed wire, then he rapes their corpses, then he cuts out their hearts to take home and collect in jaws. He terrorizes the city until he is, ironically, killed with a baseball bat by a mugger.
8. Ziona Washington, a brilliant (and very strange) medical student who, at night, engages in a number of high-risk (and often unlawful) activities, from illegal graffiti art to underground bare-knuckle boxing. Ziona's hairstyle changes in every single episode. She is eventually gunned down by police after making her first attempt at a bank heist in an effort to pay for her mother's expensive cancer treatment.
9. Odin Stevenson, a ruthless neo-Nazi thug (the son of a neo-Nazi group leader) who, against his own wishes, begins falling in love with Melody Gonzalez, a beautiful Mexican immigrant who moves into his apartment complex. His Nazi friends begin orchestrating a plan to have her kicked out of the building by any means necessary, leaving him unsure what to do. Things end very badly for everyone.
10. Scheherazade, a mute little carnival/circus girl with superhuman acrobatic abilities and virtuoso musical ability whose carnie parents more or less abandon her, leaving an alcoholic (but good-hearted) circus clown to care for her.
11. Apollo Gronroos, an obnoxious morning radio shock jock who stumbles across a child pornography ring in his city and becomes determined to bring it down. He takes care of his 5-year-old son by himself after his wife was murdered in a mugging gone wrong.
12. Sister Nami, a pious nun struggling with feelings of lesbianism, despite being outwardly homophobic.
13. The various members of The Dreamer Society, a group of people from all walks of life who record their dreams (often after taking various dream supplements) and discuss and analyze them at meetings, often making avant-garde films of their dreams in a manner similar to the real-life Coney Island Amateur Psychoanalytic Society. These episodes would sometimes be created by having viewers send in their dreams and putting the most interesting/compelling ones into episodes. The portrayal of dreams would be as realistic as possible.
14. The members of all-girl feminist punk rock group Menstrual Cramps (Eva, Dawn, Luna, Flora, Madeleine, Maria, Svetlana, and Jamie), who repeatedly try and fail to come up with new songs that will "stick it to the patriarchy". Eva and Dawn are hardcore anarchist feminists, while the rest of the band members don't really care about feminism and just want to make rock music. The band members are always squabbling and can never agree on what their sound or lyrics should be. They are in perpetual competition with The Electric Boozers, an all-male punk rock group with frat boy attitudes and overtly misogynistic lyrics. However, both groups are always outshined by Clover's numerous bands (see below). Eventually, Luna leaves Menstrual Cramps and starts her own band, Luna and the Ladybugs, with much greater success.
15. Isis Blackwell, a talented and highly intelligent albino ballerina who is being stalked and has a very complicated reaction to it, feeling a number of wildly conflicting emotions about her stalker. She is very quiet and introverted, but also hypersexual and extremely promiscuous.
16. Pandora Walsh, a government contractor who, in a manner opposite of Thana, constantly finds herself creating chaos and destruction by accident while trying to do good. She would eventually set off a chain of events (as always, by accident) leading to a nuclear apocalypse in the series finale (where all of the still-living characters would be brought together for the first time to wait out the end of the world).
17. Esma Samsonadze, a Georgian immigrant photojournalist who works for a hideous muckraking tabloid when she, like Apollo, stumbles across the city's child porn ring and is unsure of exactly what to do. Only accustomed to wrecking people's lives and invading people's privacy for a living, Esma sees the opportunity for herself to become a hero rather than a scumbag by taking down pedophiles (especially since she was herself used in child porn as a child in eastern Europe), but is not quite sure of how to actually go about doing so. Like Nami, she is obviously gay, but is homophobic and very much in denial about her own homosexuality.