# Troll hunting - Book

# Hunting a terrorist troll

« WHEN PROMINENT AUSTRALIAN employment lawyer Josh Bornstein woke up on Friday, 10 April 2015, the first thing he saw was ‘my Twitter feed going feral with death threats  and emails from all over the world, threatening me, and attacking me, and criticising me’. To his horror, some of these critics were well-known people like US feminist and author Naomi Wolf. While Bornstein slept, Wolf – who has since apologised – labelled Josh ‘deranged’, ‘genocidal’ and ‘psychotic’ in a Facebook post.1
Bornstein was about to discover firsthand just how hard it can be to get the help you need from law enforcement. How easy it is to have your reputation smeared online and how tough it is to hold up in the face of predator trolling. He was about to get a close look at one of the young, angry and marginalised white men who turn to attacking strangers in their despair. And how those young men can fall through the cracks.
Like anyone waking up to piles of online slurs, Bornstein says he felt disoriented and shocked. Fairly quickly, though, he managed to regain his composure enough to start putting the pieces together. ‘In my day job, most people who come to see me are derailing at work or have suffered sexual harassment, or bullying or being sacked. They are the subject of disciplinary proceedings and are traumatised or worse. So I’m used to seeing people who are very agitated, upset, in crisis,’ Bornstein explains. ‘I often go into a crisis-management mode for my clients.’
In this instance, however, he was forced to switch into crisis-management mode for himself. He quickly discovered someone posing as him had posted a racist opinion article on the website of the Jerusalem-based newspaper The Times of Israel.
‘I detest racism. I’ve fought it all my life,’ Bornstein says shaking his head. Although it’s now three years after the article was published, his incredulity is still palpable. As he wrote in The Guardian a month after the attack, the original opinion piece contained ‘a graphically violent and racist diatribe against the Palestinian people … calling for their “extermination”’. ‘The despicable article was attributed to me and was accompanied by my photograph. It was quickly disseminated in the hothouse that is Middle East politics and spread throughout the globe,’ he wrote.2
‘I am a secular atheist FFS [for fuck’s sake]’, Bornstein tweeted in an urgent, pressured response to the hate and anger filling his feed that April, ‘I didn’t write that shit’.
Another read: ‘I have not written anything for The Times of Israel. Ever. WTF???’
This latter point would have been news to the newspaper’s staff and readers. As with numerous other online news outlets, people can apply to become Times of Israel bloggers. The person claiming to be him had done just this. In order to appear credible, the impersonator had previously reposted a number of articles the real Bornstein had written for The Guardian. The hoaxer did this to lay the groundwork before posting the racist rant about Palestinians. ‘It was a very calculated, careful, well-planned attack,’ Bornstein says.

After realising something had gone badly wrong, the Times of Israel contacted Bornstein and apologetically tore the hoax article down. One of the people spreading the phoney article on social media had a Twitter account with the handle MoonMetropolis.3 Remember that name.

Nearly 900 kilometres away, an SBS journalist named Elise Potaka was hard at work researching and reporting on Australian jihadists. Early in 2015 – around the same time as the attacks on Bornstein – Potaka noticed a Twitter user with the online alias Australi Witness, who was attracting attention from journalists and terrorism experts.4 Some of the media seemed to be quoting Australi Witness as if he were a genuine jihadi.5
As someone who’d been following and talking to jihadis for some time, Potaka had a sense of the ideology. To her, there was something odd about the way Australi Witness presented: ‘I’d followed a lot of them on Twitter and … understood the language they would normally use.’
The now-suspended Twitter profile of Australi Witness claimed he used to work for Amnesty International. He also seemed to claim lawyer and anti-Islamophobia campaigner Mariam Veiszadeh was a friend. (This turned out to be untrue.)
To Potaka, this made no sense. Islamic State supporters hate Shias, and Veiszadeh is Shia Muslim, and ‘all of the ISIS guys are Sunni Muslim. So why would this Australi Witness, by all accounts an ISIS-supporting Australian, like Mariam?’
Potaka and I are sitting on a Sydney balcony on a strangely cold January day in 2018 drinking cups of tea that quickly lose their heat. She’s wearing a mustard-coloured cardigan wrapped tightly around her. Occasionally, mid conversation, she will gather up her thick black hair into a bunch and let it go.
One of the people Potaka had interviewed for a documentary in 2014 was the young Perth-born Islamic preacher Junaid Thorne. In April 2015, around the time of the Times of Israel hoax, Thorne let Potaka know via Facebook Messenger that someone had set up a fake Twitter account in his name. He warned her not to follow it.
‘This is where the story kind of gets a bit convoluted,’ Potaka says with a slight smile. She’s not wrong. I’ve already said to her at least half a dozen times: This story is confusing. It requires concentration to keep the strands straight.
With the instincts of a journalist, Potaka couldn’t help herself; she wanted to track down Thorne’s doppelgänger. She thought: ‘I’ll just have a little bit of fun, just to see if I can suss out what this weird impersonator is doing with this fake Junaid Thorne account. So,’ Potaka tells me, ‘I sent a message [to the fake account] saying, “Do you remember what I said to you last time we met?” and I didn’t hear anything back.’
Over a few days, Thorne and Potaka kept chatting on Facebook Messenger about the oddness of Thorne finding himself with an impersonator. ‘And then suddenly … Junaid sends me a message mid chat. He says, “Why are you chatting to me from two Facebook accounts?”’
As if things couldn’t get any stranger, Thorne sent Potaka a screenshot of a fake Facebook account in her name.
When Potaka took a look at her own fake account, it was nothing but a shell containing her stolen profile photo. The account had no friends. It linked back to a single Facebook account, under the name of MoonMetropolis.
Bizarrely, the fake Elise Potaka Facebook account had sent the real Junaid Thorne Facebook account a message asking, ‘Do you remember what I said to you the last time we met?’
‘This is how I linked the fake Junaid Thorne Twitter account to this person who was then impersonating me on Facebook,’ Potaka explains.

For Bornstein, the waves of trolling continued. His impersonator went on to set up a fake Josh Bornstein Twitter account and attempted to set up a fake Facebook account. ‘I was getting death threats inspired by someone who clearly wanted to hurt me, and at one point another Twitter user, with the handle Australi Witness, incited ISIS followers to attack me. Australi Witness then participated in an online Twitter exchange trying to establish where I lived.’
When a sponsored tweet calling for the death of all Muslims was posted under a fake account set up in his name, Bornstein assumed the police would jump on it because now there would be a paper trail. Someone had paid Twitter for it. He waited forty-eight hours but didn’t hear a peep from the police.
Finally, he contacted them to ask if they’d obtained the payment record. They said they hadn’t and he never got a straight answer why not. Far from allaying his concerns, Bornstein says, the police involvement simply made him more alarmed: ‘They were so clearly out of their depths.’
As he discusses how law enforcement dealt with the issues he faced, Bornstein’s measured voice wavers and cracks. He talks almost imperceptibly faster. The Australian Federal Police instructed him to go to the local police, which he did. All contact was by phone and email. Victorian police told him there was ‘a dedicated joint federal police and state police taskforce looking at this issue and investigating, and they were very concerned about the identity of this person, Australi Witness, on Twitter, who was inciting attacks by ISIS’. Bornstein says he was told the impersonator had been located in Perth, then Melbourne, ‘and that they were closing in and were going to make an arrest’.
‘I worked out, after a time, they didn’t know what they were doing. He was outsmarting them. They were being completely outmanoeuvred. 

As far as possible, Bornstein tried to protect his wife and children from how extreme the cyberhate had become, but the onslaught took a massive personal toll. ‘I was terrified, of course.’ He found himself behaving like the clients he’d worked with who’d had their lives destroyed by workplace bullying. ‘I became hyper vigilant, so that when you walk out into the street you wonder, are you being watched? When you put out the rubbish, you wonder, is it safe to do so?’
Bornstein tells me that after a few months, his health started to deteriorate: ‘Every time I looked at my phone I’d get anxious and I lost weight, I wasn’t sleeping.’
The lawyer followed the same advice he regularly dished out to his distressed clients: Take care of your health and go and see a GP. He was referred to a psychologist and ended up taking medication in order to sleep. Despite the clear imprint this experience has left on him, Bornstein is quick to point out that as cyberhate targets go he remained in an ‘extremely rare and privileged’ position. ‘I had enormous support. I called in favours from politicians, from people I knew in the police force,’ he says. ‘I had a team at [his law firm] Maurice Blackburn working on this feverishly to try and fend this off.’
‘The female cyberhate victims who are writing to me are, essentially, alone,’ I say.
‘Correct,’ he replies.

Consumed with curiosity about the strange fake accounts, Potaka found MoonMetropolis on Twitter and started to chat with him. Following her journalistic instincts, she asked him all kinds of polite questions: Who are you? Why are you impersonating jihadists? What’s your interest in Junaid Thorne? Why did you set up a fake account?
‘But in the back of my mind, I was like, “I am going to find out who you are”,’ she says. She was far closer to the truth than she realised. In fact, she had already stumbled across the troll’s real name. But her assumption was: A troll partaking in such complex mimicry would surely cover his tracks. Whatever game he’s playing, he wouldn’t use his real name.
As Potaka probed further, she noticed MoonMetropolis kept mentioning the Twitter user Australi Witness as the supposed ‘TOP Australia-based ISIS Twitter account’. She quickly figured out MoonMetropolis was somehow connected to the Australi Witness Twitter account.
Another Twitter user sent Potaka a collation of screenshots linking MoonMetropolis to the Bornstein hoax6. One of those screenshots showed MoonMetropolis was the very first Twitter user to draw attention to the Times of Israel article. This tidbit seemed to be a dead giveaway.
‘He [the hoaxer] was really not being that careful about what he was doing. The clues were all there in his tweets,’ Potaka says. Given how dangerous the troll turned out to be, she’s at a loss to explain why authorities didn’t pick up on the evidence: ‘There were all these red flags, but they were just being overlooked.’
As an investigative journalist, Potaka wondered if there might be a story in all this but realised she couldn’t find the person behind the MoonMetropolis account by herself. She needed the assistance of someone with technical skills, someone who understood the murky water beneath the ice. She reached out to someone Bornstein describes as ‘Australia’s number-one troll hunter’. His name is Luke McMahon. The trolls aren’t even sure whether he’s a real person. But he is.

McMahon meets me at Melbourne University’s Law School wearing a black t-shirt and worn-out jeans. He’s got a five o’clock shadow and a resonant voice. Within seconds we’re chatting as if we’ve met dozens of times before. He leads me up a few floors and past a library jammed with legal books and a creepy modern painting of a judge with deep-set eyes. The mock court on this floor, where law students practise their future profession, is empty. We sit down.
‘Do you see yourself as a troll hunter?’ I ask.
‘No, not really,’ he says, fidgeting in his chair, ‘although other people might.’
In an email McMahon had already obliterated any presumptions. ‘I have really very little interest in trolling,’ he wrote.

My main area of interest is the law. I just like solving complex puzzles and I really don’t like bullies. At the end of the day it boils down to a different way of looking at complex information and finding small details, or patterns, being obsessive, technically proficient and having a good understanding of human psychology. I don’t consider myself especially skilled.

To be precise, because troll hunting isn’t really a profession, McMahon is a journalist with a legal background.
‘How do you find somebody?’ I ask.
‘What I’m looking for are things like giveaways. I’m looking for associations. I’m looking at what’s their motivation?’ McMahon says. ‘Human beings are habitual. It’s a big problem for them because it makes finding them a lot easier.’ For example, he explains, if someone uses a handle on one platform they may well use the same handle in another location. Just like MoonMetropolis on Facebook and Twitter.
When McMahon read Potaka’s first detailed email explaining why she thought MoonMetropolis and Australi Witness were the same person, he knew straight away her analysis was sound. ‘For me it’s an intuition thing,’ he says, although he’s careful to explain that proving your intuition is an altogether different matter.
He was hooked. McMahon started sitting up until four or five in the morning for days and days, trying to solve the MoonMetropolis puzzle. ‘I mapped it out,’ he says. ‘Trawling through tweets, through Facebook stuff, through everything, going through individual photos, eliminating profiles. 

People think hacking is some mystical skill … Actually it’s not. A lot of it’s social engineering stuff, like going through people’s garbage bins, a company’s garbage bins, looking for passwords and that kind of stuff.’ McMahon is constantly in motion. He keeps leaning back and I have to repeatedly gesture to him: Come closer to the microphone.
The troll McMahon and Potaka were hunting had numerous aliases on numerous platforms. ‘He would publish an article, like, under the name Tanya Cohen, which was one of his aliases, and it would get mad outrage. And then he’d tweet [about the article] from all his different accounts,’ McMahon says. Then he’d also tweet numerous journalists about his articles, nagging them, ‘Have you seen this?’
Like Potaka, McMahon was determined to track the hoaxer down: ‘I was like, “If we’re going to get this guy, I’m going to confront him”.’
McMahon jumped right in. He started direct-messaging Moon Metropolis on Twitter, using the Twitter handle Media Direct. ‘I said to him, “How long are you going to keep this up?” I opened with a bang.

Over many months, he developed a relationship of sorts with MoonMetropolis and gradually drew out information. ‘So originally I thought I was dealing with a Neo-Nazi because I knew that Michael Slay was his pseudonym on the Daily Stormer,’ McMahon says. The Daily Stormer is the prominent Neo-Nazi website run by notorious internet troll weev, or Andrew Auernheimer, and Andrew Anglin.
But the troll then admitted to also being behind the fake ISIS Twitter account Australi Witness. He was a chameleon, constantly changing colour to suit the issue of the day. ‘He was trolling all through the night and he never left his house. He told me he lived with his parents … [and] he never had any sort of social contacts with anyone,’ McMahon says.
This lonely fact was confirmed by law enforcement later in the year as they surveilled the house where MoonMetropolis lived. Officers repeatedly ‘observed the shadow of a person moving around the inside of the residence … [and] were unable to observe anything beyond the shadow’.7
‘His thing was free speech,’ McMahon says. ‘That’s why he targeted Josh Bornstein because Josh had written something about it and … was seen as anti–free speech.’
Free speech absolutism is something trolls of all stripes express repeatedly – with the irony being that their actions often result in the liberties of others being impeded. In her book Hate Crimes in Cyberspace, Danielle Keats Citron notes that the ‘absolutist, almost religious devotion to free speech’ should be weighed against ‘important interests that cyber harassment jeopardises’.
‘Because the Internet serves as people’s workplaces, professional networks, résumés, social clubs and zones of public conversation, it deserves the same protection as off-line speech. No more, no less,’ she writes. She goes on to say it is possible to regulate speech that harms people and doesn’t make a valuable contribution to public debate.8

Paid social media ads have become a favourite tactic of trolls all over the world to hurt their targets. The strategy made international headlines when the media revealed Russian trolls had purchased more than 3000 Facebook and Instagram ads during the 2016 US presidential election. The ads were designed to sow discord and division, peddling messages that were anti-Clinton, anti-Muslim and anti-immigration.9 Amid a deluge of social media bots and fake news – also largely planted by non-US parties – some experts started questioning whether the democratic process had been imperilled.10
The US Office of the Director of National Intelligence provided a report to the president in January 2017 addressing the same issue, predicting: ‘Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered campaign aimed at the US presidential election to future influence efforts worldwide, including against US allies and their election processes.’11
Twitter and Facebook have moved to quell the problems of fake accounts and the purchase of advertisements – both of which are frequently used for predator trolling. A Facebook spokeswoman said, ‘We look at different signals to see if an account is fake and these are constantly evolving. To prevent bad actors from gaming the system, we do not share specific details on how we identify fake accounts, but it’s a constant arms race and we are committed to stop it happening.’ She did elaborate a bit, noting that while ‘there are still certain types of content, for example hate speech and bullying, that require human review to understand context’, the platform was increasingly using artificial intelligence and automation tools to identify spam, fake accounts, nudity and terrorist propaganda. When it comes to advertisements, Facebook says these are reviewed against the company’s relevant policies. The company has recently tightened those rules but we’re yet to see how effective these measures are in stopping cyberhate.12
Twitter has taken a similar approach, including using machine learning to proactively identify ‘problematic accounts and behaviour rather than waiting until we receive a report’. The platform claims it has reduced the visibility of suspicious accounts and content in people’s timelines and improved the sign-up process. It has also mass-audited existing accounts.13 (But the success of this is disputed.14) Just like Facebook, Twitter says all ads must adhere to their rules and ‘we have never allowed advertisements that propagate hate’. It must be noted that whether or not something is allowed does not stop trolls. 

According to well-known Australian internet researcher and academic Kate Crawford, trolling in politics isn’t just limited to the buying of Facebook ads; it’s bigger than that. In an extensive Pew Center report about trolling and the future of free speech, she was quoted as saying: ‘Distrust and trolling is happening at the highest levels of political debate, and the lowest.’
Crawford, who now lives in the United States, says in the last few years, ‘We have heard presidential candidates speak of banning Muslims from entering the country, asking foreign powers to hack former White House officials, retweeting Neo-Nazis. Trolling is a mainstream form of political discourse.’15 And US President Donald Trump is idolised by trolls; he’s seen as a kindred spirit. Alt-right trolls, in particular, seem to admire Trump’s hyperbole and ability to be disruptive. Sadly, there’s some indication the affection goes both ways. In May 2016, a CNN reporter asked Trump about abuse incited by the Daily Stormer’s so-called ‘troll army’ against journalist Julia Ioffe the previous month, and he replied: ‘I don’t have a message to the fans.’ The Stormer’s owner, Andrew Anglin, interpreted this as an endorsement.

The troll hunter explains to me that MoonMetropolis had learned to use paid social media ads from the troll weev. ‘I have logged conversations where weev discusses his imminent ban from Twitter and where MoonMetropolis requests advice about running Twitter ads to troll people,’ McMahon says.
The impact of these ads only becomes obvious to me later, when I start to understand the harm MoonMetropolis caused not just online, but in real life. weev played a crucial part in this harm by teaching MoonMetropolis skills that he used to great and damaging effect.
McMahon sends me some of the screenshots: weev is indeed coaching MoonMetropolis on how to get around Twitter’s rules for paid ads, advising him, ‘You’re going to have to be very subtle.’ There are also publicly accessible tweets sent from the MoonMetropolis Twitter account to weev’s now-defunct Twitter handle rabite, asking questions such as ‘What platforms don’t check ads?’ and ‘How much does Facebook charge for ads?’
MoonMetropolis invited McMahon onto weev’s private chat server, which had the name NAQDI.17 McMahon sat there for months watching and listening. ‘What I was trying to ascertain or interpret was, who is this guy?,’ he says, about MoonMetropolis. ‘Is he one of the crew? For a while I thought he might be weev or Andrew Anglin.’
When I spoke to weev on Skype in January 2018, he initially denied knowing MoonMetropolis but after a while conceded he was aware of him under a different name associated with the Daily Stormer. Still, weev wouldn’t admit to being in an IRC chat room with MoonMetropolis or having any specific conversations with him. In answer to my repeated questions, he retorted: ‘How many bullshit claims do I have to talk about?’
Meanwhile, McMahon tracked MoonMetropolis through various IRC chatrooms and acted as a fellow troll and troublemaker, while Potaka played good cop. She pretended to be the ‘naive journalist’ who was simply ‘keeping in contact with him about things he posts’. The journalists were in constant contact with each other, spending hours on the phone and sharing information online so they could, in turn, elicit more information from MoonMetropolis. They were inching closer and closer. 
Potaka had been investigating MoonMetropolis for about a month when, on 3 May 2015, two men wearing body armour attacked a security officer and a police officer outside the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. The centre was showing an art exhibition that featured images of the prophet Muhammad. Shortly afterwards, the attackers, Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi, were shot dead.18
The attackers’ motivations could only be guessed at until, months later, in September 2015, the FBI filed a criminal complaint with the United States District Court, revealing Australi Witness had posted a map of the centre before the incident, urging anyone in the area to attack ‘with your weapons, bombs, or knives’. Simpson had used his own Twitter handle to retweet Australi Witness’ message. According to Special Agent William J. Berry, who lodged the criminal complaint, Australi Witness used a second Twitter handle to tweet, ‘I’M BACK KUFFAR! DIE IN YOUR RAGE!’ Kuffar is a derogatory Arabic term used by Islamic extremists to refer to non-Muslims or non-believers.
Point 13 of the thirty-four-page document publishes, in full, a rant written by Australi Witness on the link-sharing website [JustPaste.it](http://justpaste.it/) a month after the Garland attack. In the post, he takes responsibility for ‘inspiring the attacks in Garland, Texas’. In part it reads:

My biggest inspiration was the Australian Muslim human rights activist Mariam Veiszadeh, who has worked tirelessly and diligently to outlaw blasphemy against Islam in Australia … All who defame the Prophet (PBUH) [peace be upon him] must be crushed. [Cartoonists] Bill Leak and Larry Pickering will soon meet their demise, as will Josh Bornstein.
Recently, I have met two mujahideen online – one in Los Angeles and one in Melbourne – and I have successfully encouraged them to carry out jihad in their respective cities. Both of these mujahideen will, using guns, shoot up local synagogues when the maximum amount of Jews are praying. The entire thing was my idea, and I helped them every step of the way. I gave them the idea in the first place, I pointed them to local synagogues, I provided them with copious amounts of encouragement, and I helped them coordinate the attacks. All of this was done over the Internet.

After claiming he lives in the Australian city of Perth, Australi Witness goes on to attack the Australian government and Jews as ‘filthy cockroaches’. He finishes his 700-word diatribe by saying:

I have a vast network of mujahideen around the world, and I will continue to inspire and coordinate jihad attacks around the world. There is absolutely nothing that you can do to stop me. I am an expert in computer security who uses multiple proxies, and I am also an expert in Australian law due to my extensive work with human rights organisations. Chase me all you want, but you will never find me, and you will also never stop the wrath of Allah (SWT) on the decadent West.19
Perish in your rage, kuffar!

Back in May 2015, when the Garland attack occurred, the Australian Federal Police (AFP) had only just started investigating Australi Witness. The two people who knew the most about Australi Witness were journalists Elise Potaka and Luke McMahon. As in so many stories about predator trolling and law enforcement, the police seemed baffled and missing in action. But with this case, their confusion and inaction seemed to increase acutely.
Meanwhile, the journalists were gathering intelligence at a rapid pace. Even so, it wasn’t enough: ‘We still didn’t know who he was,’ Potaka says. ‘All we knew was that Australi Witness was possibly MoonMetropolis, but we didn’t … have enough information to know in the real world who was behind this and who orchestrated it.’
Finally, in June 2015, MoonMetropolis admitted to McMahon that he was Australi Witness. From that moment, the journalists’ investigation moved fast. Their project started to take on a sense of urgency: with the events in Garland still fresh, they started to wonder if he’d incite more terrorist attacks.
One night McMahon found a thread on Reddit: Australi Witness was discussing the flag of Orange Park, a town in Clay County, Florida. It clicked into place: This is where MoonMetropolis/Australi Witness lives. Then he uncovered an old dating profile on the website OkCupid belonging to the troll. It included a tiny photo and confirmed that he was located in Orange Park, Florida. Thereafter, he stumbled upon the piece of information he describes as ‘the tweet that got him’.
To anyone else, the Twitter exchange might have seemed innocuous. McMahon is not anyone else; he’s a troll hunter. He tells me what he found that day – and why it mattered : He messaged somebody using his MoonMetropolis Twitter account. She’d made a comment that she was fat. He responded, “You’re not that fat.” And she said, “Oh, no. Trust me. You haven’t seen me in a while.” ’ For McMahon, this was the vital piece of the puzzle. He actually knows this person in real life, he realised.
His next step was to comb through the woman’s social media: ‘After probably a month of … looking at all her social media and going through all her photos … I eventually got onto the sister [of MoonMetropolis].’
Meanwhile, Potaka had narrowed her search down to the same person, and the same location. ‘So, while Luke was tracing him down through the friend and located the sister’s profile – with a family photo that we could compare with his OkCupid photo – I looked up the electoral roll,’ she says. She found the whole family’s US voter registrations. MoonMetropolis was a registered Democrat. Once they’d age-matched all the information about each family member, they had MoonMetropolis’ name and home address. Using Google Earth, Potaka and McMahon could even see the family’s backyard pool.
 The terrorist troll was a Jewish-American man called Joshua Ryne Goldberg. At the time, he was twenty years old.
‘Maybe this is kind of the troll in me,’ McMahon says. ‘I wanted to let him know that I knew who he was because right up until the end, he was keeping it from me. And I wanted to see how he would react to it once I told him.’
In classic troll style, he confronted Goldberg by making a meme. ‘He would use the word “wigga” a lot, which is like white nigger. So I got a photo from his sister’s Twitter account of her graduation and … the whole family [was] together and he was there in that photo. And it’s probably one of the only times he’d been out of the house [in recent years]. And I cropped him, and I wrote, “Surprise wigga” onto the image – one word above and the other below – and I sent it to him and I just waited for his reaction.’
In the first instance, Goldberg ignored McMahon’s meme and went right on chatting. Then he denied his identity. McMahon responded by prodding him: ‘You’re in Florida, man. Go outside. Your pool?

Once Goldberg realised McMahon had an iron grip on who he was in the real world, he changed tack. Instead of hiding information, Goldberg began sharing it in spades.
‘I think that he trusted me, bizarrely,’ McMahon says. ‘It was only after he was actually arrested that I realised that everything he told me was the truth.’
On separate occasions, Goldberg told Potaka and McMahon that an Australian terrorist attack – and perhaps another American one – was imminent and the two journalists became increasingly worried. ‘He started telling me that he had people in Melbourne,’ McMahon says, ‘and they were going to organise an attack on a synagogue.’
And Potaka recounts, ‘To Luke, he would say stuff like, “Oh, yeah, I’m talking to this kid in Melbourne. He’s an idiot. I sent him instructions on how to make a bomb.” He had also emailed me as Australi Witness and written, “These brothers are going to carry out an attack in Melbourne and Los Angeles.”’
Potaka and McMahon had planned to write up the MoonMetropolis story as a piece of investigative journalism for their respective news outlets. But then MoonMetropolis metamorphosed from ‘just a troll’ into someone who was potentially going to cause serious real-world harm. The events that transpired in Garland, Texas, a month earlier underscored the threat. Potaka recalls thinking, ‘Okay, you know, it’s a shit-hot story, but I don’t think we can sit on it anymore. I don’t think we can be comfortable within ourselves to not go to the police with this.’
With McMahon’s agreement, Potaka emailed a contact of hers in the media office at the AFP. The way she tells it, the police response was tepid: ‘We know that Australi Witness is a troll. We don’t know who he is, but we think he’s either in Melbourne or Perth. It’s probably just some kid in his bedroom.’
‘The cops were very sort of blasé about it,’ Potaka says.
The AFP didn’t put forward someone to interview, but provided detailed written answers to my questions. In their response, the AFP denies that they were blasé, claiming they did take the matter seriously and saw the Australi Witness persona as a ‘potential threat’, and that this was ‘evidenced by the allocation of the matter to AFP Counter Terrorism investigators’. 

McMahon says he also contacted the AFP on 17 July 2015 and gave them the fact-checked brief he’d prepared for his editors at Fairfax who intended to publish the story. He provided them with screenshots of his conversations with Goldberg, using his various aliases.
‘They sent people down from Canberra from the terrorism team,’ he says. ‘So I went down to the Federal Police Centre in the city here and met with them.’
He describes the meeting – which took place on 22 July, at a big round table with half-a-dozen AFP officers – as bizarre. ‘I went through the material with them, why I thought it was him [Goldberg],’ he says. ‘The reaction I got was one of scepticism. I found the whole experience simultaneously perplexing and surreal. They all just stared at me and didn’t say anything.’
From the AFP’s perspective, this is standard procedure. ‘Investigators are trained to test and question all information when conducting an investigation. To some people, this may be perceived as scepticism.’
A week after the meeting, McMahon received a phone call from an AFP officer in the counter terrorism team, who said: ‘We think he’s trolling you. We don’t think he’s Joshua Goldberg.’
With the threat of an Australian terrorist attack front of mind – and no clear indication Goldberg was going to be apprehended any time soon – McMahon urgently wanted the police to intervene. He confesses to ‘freaking out’. ‘I think I said, “Listen, motherfucker! Do I have to walk you guys through this shit again? This is him. I tracked him. You’re not getting it. I tracked this guy independently. This is him.” And he’s like, “All right. We’ll get back to you.” Blah, blah, blah. I just think they looked at it all and it was just all too confusing for them.’
The days ticked by. Keen for information, both McMahon and Potaka kept contacting the AFP, trying to get answers. Their primary concern was that more terrorism might be on the horizon. After all, this was what Goldberg was telling them. McMahon asked police how he should be interacting with Goldberg. ‘They’re just like, “Behave like everything’s normal. Don’t do anything unusual”,’ McMahon says.
Potaka recalls the AFP’s response was generally along the lines of, ‘Oh, I can’t say too much, you know, but there are things underway.’ As a seasoned journalist, she understands police have procedures to follow but she is nevertheless critical of the AFP’s responses during this period.
‘We had no idea what was going on,’ she says flatly. ‘I just had an uncomfortable feeling in the pit of my stomach during that time … I just was hoping that a terrorist attack wasn’t going to happen.’
Despite their apparent scepticism and lack of communication, the AFP did tell McMahon that they had put in a mutual assistance request with the FBI. McMahon believes contact with the FBI, who then began their investigation into Goldberg, triggered a sudden change in the AFP’s behaviour. Australian police requested he come in and make a statement. On 2 October 2015, McMahon went in to give his statement at the AFP headquarters in Melbourne.
Special Agent Berry’s lengthy criminal complaint against Goldberg, submitted to the US District Court in September 2015, repeatedly refers to McMahon as ‘L.M.’ and seems to imply the information he supplied to the AFP may not be credible. (The AFP refused to be drawn on this matter, telling me they do not ‘comment on the credibility of Australian-based witnesses’.) 

The troll hunter interprets Berry’s written comments about him in a different way to me. He explains that under the US Fourth Amendment, the information he’d provided to the AFP couldn’t be used to obtain a warrant. ‘The FBI couldn’t admit to using my evidence because it could have resulted in all the evidence being thrown out. The FBI would need to follow their own legal protocols, which meant entrapping Goldberg by having him engage with a confidential [FBI] informant. Once that process was complete, the FBI were then able to take that information to a judge and apply for warrants to search his house.’
Until now, I’ve been struggling to understand how the US authorities have put this case together. It seems to be missing most of the information that Australians have told me about Goldberg and his online behaviour. Yet when McMahon tells me this, I read the criminal complaint again, for the fifth time. Amid the fog of names and dates and facts, it becomes clear just how much weight the FBI gave their informant and the terrorism-related evidence he gathered while messaging with Goldberg. To them, the predator trolling was just noise, worthy of only the briefest mention.

On 9 September 2015, Joshua Ryne Goldberg was arrested at his parents’ home in Orange Park, Florida. They had no idea what he’d been doing online.
He was days away from a planned pressure-cooker bomb attack in Kansas City. In online discussions with a man the troll believed to be a jihadi, Goldberg talked about detonating the weapon at a memorial event where Kansas firefighters honoured first responders killed in the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001.
The ‘jihadi’ Goldberg had been communicating with was an FBI informant codenamed ‘CHS’ in all official documents. During the month of August, Goldberg gave CHS detailed instructions about how to make the bomb.
‘Be careful, brother,’ Goldberg wrote. ‘Don’t buy all the materials at once or the kuffar will know you’re up to something. Buy them at different stores.’ He told the informant to fill the pressure-cooker bomb with metal and nails. ‘If you can, dip the screws and other shrapnel in rat poison before putting them in [the bomb]. That way the kuffar who get hit by them will be more likely to die. 

The official version of how Goldberg was apprehended – with the clever work of an FBI informant and international policing cooperation – is quite different from the accounts of Bornstein, Potaka and McMahon.20 When Goldberg was arrested, Potaka and McMahon reported the story for Fairfax, quoting a statement from police: ‘Investigations by the AFP in June 2015 established no initial threat to the Australian community. When investigations determined it was likely the person responsible for these threats was based in the United States, the investigation became the jurisdiction of the FBI, with the AFP in a support role.’21
The AFP was confident there was no threat to the public. However, Goldberg repeatedly spoke about having contact with jihadists in Melbourne who were going to destroy a synagogue. How could the AFP be so sure this wasn’t going to happen? It’s logical to assume that the Australian police knew there was no imminent threat because Goldberg was actually conversing with undercover AFP operatives online, instead of jihadists. Excerpts from private conversations between Goldberg and at least two different AFP federal agents prove this was the case. (These conversations, which occurred on Twitter, Facebook and other platforms such as Kik Messenger, were submitted to the court as evidence by the AFP during Goldberg’s US trial. We’ll talk about that shortly.)
Even though the AFP was confident that the Melbourne attack was not going to occur, does it follow that the threat to the public was eliminated? I put this question to McMahon in an email. He says: ‘Based on what I know – he [Goldberg] was in multiple conversations in different jurisdictions. He mentioned being in conversation with someone based in Sydney and [is] suspected of speaking to at least two more young people in Melbourne. [A]s long as Goldberg was online and talking to people, coupled with his fixation on Australia, a threat existed.’
In the same police statement, the AFP’s then Acting Deputy Commissioner for National Security, Neil Gaughan, went on to praise law enforcement’s ability to carry out policing investigations into matters that are online and ‘use our long-established partnerships to work with overseas agencies to bring people to account for their actions’. 

After Goldberg’s arrest, he ‘voluntarily waived his [constitutional] rights and spoke to law enforcement’, according to Special Agent Berry’s account of events. While Goldberg initially denied involvement in plotting the Kansas attack, he then confessed to being Australi Witness and made it clear he also ‘believed the information would create a genuine bomb’.

JOSHUA GOLDBERG made varying statements in an attempt to explain his actions in providing bomb making information to the individual.
In general, JOSHUA GOLDBERG claimed that he intended for the individual to either kill himself creating the bomb or, if not, that he intended to alert law enforcement just prior to the individual detonating the bomb, resulting in JOSHUA GOLDBERG to receive credit for stopping the attack.23

This statement contradicts what Goldberg had told McMahon four months earlier in an IRC chatroom. McMahon asked him if he was at all concerned by the fact that some of these ‘jihadi nutcases’ might actually kill someone at his behest. Goldberg replied, ‘These guys are pussy keyboard warriors. 

Goldberg was eventually found competent to stand trial during his fourth and final psychological evaluation in March 2017. His lawyer, Paul Shorstein, restarted negotiations with the government, which led to a plea agreement just before Christmas the same year, with sentencing to come. On Monday, 25 June 2018, Joshua Ryne Goldberg, now twenty-three, was sentenced to ten years in federal prison, to be followed by a lifetime of supervised release, for ‘attempted malicious damage and destruction by an explosive of a building’.
Although the US Federal Justice Department put out a press release, there was surprisingly little media coverage.24 Local Florida station News4Jax aired a short story on the day of the sentencing, at the end of which journalist Ashley Spicer told viewers, ‘Before the Goldbergs left the court room his [Joshua’s] mother, Rebecca, approached Goldberg and said, “I love you,” and he said, “I love you too.”’25
Looking at the sea of papers on my desk and office floor – the articles about Goldberg, the court documents, interview transcripts, the emails from his victims – one question remains. Why did he face just one charge: attempting to damage and destroy a building by means of an explosive? The damage he did to his numerous trolling victims seeps out from the piles of printed type like an unheard and destructive song. The AFP spokesperson who answers my numerous questions notes the length of the jail term and says: ‘The sentencing judge took into account Goldberg’s actions in Australia and how his actions affected the Australian community.’ But to me, the pain that individuals suffered as a result of Goldberg’s actions online is absent from the official record.
Shorstein says that when the US Federal Government is making a case against you, ‘it’s not really about taking what you did and fashioning a case that accurately depicts what you’ve done. It’s more, “We’re going to do what we need to do to get you to do what we want, which is enter a guilty plea”.
‘What they want is to strongarm you and they want to make it really difficult for you to fight them,’ he continues, explaining that the authorities do this by charging people with ‘crimes that come with these massive penalties’ such as terrorism. And in comparison, ‘Who cares about the cyber stalking or the cyberhate … It’s been ignored because it’s just not really effective for them.’
Like me, Potaka finds it strange that Goldberg’s severe and damaging trolling was overlooked by the justice system. ‘I think it was fair for him to be charged with terrorism on the one hand,’ she says, ‘but I also think they took this approach as they don’t know how to deal with trolls, or maybe it’s harder to find a fitting charge. They took the easy route.’
From Potaka’s vantage point, the two investigative journalists are like disappearing ink on a page. ‘The FBI has tried to erase our hand in it. They basically claimed that it was their informant who got him. [But] they would not have known about him unless we had informed the AFP, who then informed them.’
According to the AFP, police started investigating Australi Witness and was trying to find the person behind the Twitter account ‘after becoming aware of several concerning tweets’ posted by that Twitter handle; McMahon and Potaka didn’t trigger their inquiries. However, the statement provided to me by the AFP does say police are grateful for the help provided to investigators by numerous journalists, including McMahon.

Potaka believes the AFP ‘really failed to identify this person’ who, contrary to their public statement, ‘ended up posing a serious risk’. Even after the two journalists had handed over all their information to the AFP, it was still a few months before he was apprehended in the United States.
We’ve been talking for a long time and Potaka seems done, so I switch my tape recorder off. But, as often happens when an interview appears to be over, she suddenly relaxes and is struck by something important. What she really wants to say. I press the record button again.
In a rapid-fire volley of words, Potaka says, ‘The frustrating thing about Goldberg is none of this was hidden. It was all out there, and it was all publicly available. You know, I’m a layperson and I could look at all his Twitter accounts and put things together. There were clues … all over his social media pages. And if the police or anyone in a position of power looking into him had just sat down in front of a computer and opened his Twitter account, they would have had a pretty good idea that he was linked to Australi Witness and all these other aliases. It’s not like this stuff is happening on the dark web or in IRC.
Trying to expose these people doesn’t … necessarily require any particular dark web skills. We did it through old-fashioned journalism, which was spending hours and hours and hours trawling through his public social media profiles and putting two and two together. And I think the cops could have done that, but they didn’t.’
Now it’s all done and dusted and Goldberg is in prison, there’s no sense of triumph. Looking at his case, police were slow to respond and seemed baffled by its complexity. Police claim they were all over the Goldberg case like a rash. But were they really? What would have happened if Potaka and McMahon weren’t so persistent?
As other commentators have already suggested, the combination of law enforcement being unwilling to take online issues as seriously as terrestrial crimes and simultaneously lacking technical skills means cases are falling by the wayside. Even once US authorities took over, they refused to connect the dots. Instead, the FBI chose to focus only on the heaviest charges they could lay against a lost young man who was, by all accounts, extremely isolated and mentally unwell.
It’s been three years now. Looking back, Potaka sees Goldberg as ‘one messed-up young guy, who couldn’t function in the physical world and so inflated himself up into a monster online’. McMahon thinks of the terrorist troll ‘as quite a sad figure’. ‘There were moments where I reflected and felt a lot of sympathy for him and his situation, even though he’d done horrible things,’ he says, adding, ‘I’m glad he’s not behind a computer anymore.’
Surprisingly, McMahon says now that Goldberg has been sentenced, he’s planning to write to him. The troll hunter wants to meet the troll face to face: ‘I want him to know what happened, why it happened, so that he’s confronted with the reality. I think that’s part of trolling – the ease with which you can fuck with people’s lives and never, ever have to face those people. 

# The internet was my parent

« AS ELISE POTAKA suggested – and many others too – law enforcement is sadly lacking when it comes to cyberhate. And yet we know the harm trolls can do.
On Safer Internet Day in early February 2018, I attend an event at Parliament House in Canberra. All the big wigs are there, including then–Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. He gives a brief speech, declaring he shares with UK Prime Minister Theresa May a concern ‘that the coarser and more abusive discourse that you far too often see online is also reaching back into traditional forms of communication and discourse, whether it is in the playground or in politics or in a newspaper and coarsening that as well.1’
With Joshua Ryne Goldberg on my mind, Turnbull’s comments seem facile. The internet did not create the hatred. It’s just the vehicle. And in fact, plenty of the trolls are emboldened by the bigotry and hate speech of leaders. It’s a green light.
My questions are: How many other damaged young men is the system failing? For how many of them is trolling effectively a canary in the coal mine?
When I spot former policeman and internet safety expert Nigel Phair in the crowd, this is what we immediately start talking about. I tell him about Goldberg. About how the trolls aren’t just trolling, they are cutting deep wounds into our offline lives. How the police can’t connect these dots and how even our leaders – the likes of Theresa May and Malcolm Turnbull – blame the internet, which is only the vehicle, instead of looking at this as a deep-rooted human behaviour.
Phair gives me the wry smile of a cop who has been on this beat a long time and says: ‘After spending twenty-one years in the police it doesn’t surprise me that they [the trolls] aren’t just ratbags doing one sort of nasty behaviour, like trolling, but they are engaged in other criminal activities too.’
These questions about failures in the system – not just law enforcement, but how some mentally ill individuals aren’t given help until it’s too late – don’t flit past like some others do. They weigh heavily, and lead me back to Goldberg’s story – to try to understand who he is. How he got to that terrible place where he rarely left the house and spent up to twenty hours a day on the internet, often using it to hurt other people.2
It’s hard to say definitively how Goldberg saw the world or what he really believed. But the paper trail leaves some significant clues. At the request of his lawyer, Goldberg undertook a mental evaluation by a forensic psychologist at the Federal Detention Center in Miami, Florida, a few months after his arrest. Shorstein had spent enough time with his client to know ‘he was in pretty bad shape mentally’ and suspected he wasn’t competent to stand trial.
‘No defendant is supposed to make any decisions in court, or have to defend himself from any charges or prepare his case for trial or sentencing, unless it’s clear he is mentally competent to do so,’ Shorstein explains in an email. ‘I also thought there was a possibility that he could be found not. Shorstein explains in an email. ‘I also thought there was a possibility that he could be found not guilty by reason of insanity, and I wanted the doctors to evaluate that and give an opinion. That obviously didn’t work out.’
Under First Amendment rights, Goldberg’s mental evaluation was released three months later, in January 2016, with a small percentage redacted.3 Within the evaluation, the psychologist repeatedly refers to Goldberg’s ‘incoherent’ and ‘tangential thought processes with strained logic’. Goldberg’s thinking, the psychologist writes, was marked by ‘grandiosity and paranoid delusions, including delusions of persecution’. He had ‘an exaggerated notion of his importance, power, or identity’. He didn’t have insight into his own mental health or legal problems, and ‘his judgement as to cause and effect relations was poor’.
Perhaps, then, Goldberg didn’t hold consistent trains of thought in relation to his actions. Perhaps this is why he didn’t – or couldn’t – cover his tracks and left ‘red flags’ everywhere. Why he said one thing and then contradicted himself, his muddled statements a window into a confused – albeit dangerous – mind. 

The psychologist writes of Goldberg’s ‘poor eye contact’ and his ‘significant social deficits, and poor interactions with others’. She notes his numerous previous mental health diagnoses, ‘ranging from Anxiety Disorders to Schizophrenia’. Using the bible of mental disorders, DSM-5, she diagnoses Goldberg as having ‘Unspecified Schizophrenia Spectrum and Other Psychotic Disorder’. She concludes her report by recommending ‘that Mr Goldberg be found incompetent to Stand Trial [sic] and that he undergo mandatory competency restoration treatment at a more appropriate setting, such as a medical facility’.
This was indeed how events unfolded. After being deemed incompetent to stand trial in November 2015, he was transferred to the Federal Medical Center, Butner, in North Carolina.
Reading the mental evaluation, I’m drowned in the same involuntary grief for Joshua Goldberg – and his family – that I felt for the Aztec High School shooter, William Atchison. This strange, deluded man did so much damage. But he was so damaged. I wake up at 2 am with phrases from the psych evaluation running through my mind like a stuck vinyl record. The needle scraping around and around. ‘Mr Goldberg’s prognosis is poor … he has an extensive documented history of mental health treatment which has reported to be unsuccessful.’ He stayed indoors for so long that many neighbours didn’t even know he lived in the Orange Park home with his parents and siblings.
The time difference between Canberra and Jacksonville is tricky. Before getting up in the cold and dark early morning to speak to Shorstein about Goldberg, I read the sentencing memorandum he submitted to the US District Court on Goldberg’s behalf in March 2018. Then I read it again, scrawling notes in the margins and highlighting various phrases.
The creeping sadness is back, lapping at my door. The document paints a devastating picture of Goldberg as a young man, with severe and misdiagnosed mental health issues who ‘is terrified by most human interactions’. ‘He had one kid in the neighbourhood with whom he played video games,’ Shorstein writes in the memo, and this ‘was the closest Joshua ever came to having a real friend. That relationship ended at age ten … He has never had one meaningful relationship of any kind with a member of the opposite sex.’4
The first time Shorstein met Joshua Goldberg was at jail in Baker County, Florida, shortly after his arrest. ‘He was in pretty bad shape mentally,’ Shorstein says down the scratchy phone line, recalling his client as ‘really anxious’ and struggling to focus. ‘It was hard for me to get information from him … I did the best I could.’
Shorstein occasionally tries to make jokes with his clients to break the ice and lessen the stress of facing court. With Goldberg this was impossible. His demeanour was ‘really literal’ and ‘just very nervous, he’s very anxious, he worries about everything … doesn’t have different facets to his personality like most people do’.
Once he was incarcerated, Shorstein explains, Goldberg’s problems relating to others ‘caused him a lot of problems’ including ‘a lot of disciplinary action’ and being isolated from other inmates. ‘He has a hard time coping with different personalities, and a hard time just being a functioning adult with different people who have a different way of communicating.’
In the memorandum, Shorstein writes that, growing up, Goldberg was incorrectly diagnosed with a spate of issues including ADHD, ODD, mood disorder, major depressive disorder, OCD, anxiety disorder and schizoaffective disorder. ‘There was no recognition of his autism. On the contrary, he was misdiagnosed with schizophrenia.’ His ‘autism characteristics were misclassified as psychosis’. This meant that ‘for many years … Joshua was not taking the proper medication and was not getting proper treatment’.
In April 2016, while he was incarcerated at FMC Butner, Goldberg was finally diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder and ‘major depression’ by experts from a specialist program at the University of North Carolina.
Shorstein believes Goldberg’s mental illnesses ‘are the most critical and relevant factor in this entire case’. In the sentencing memorandum he expands on this in tragic detail: ‘If Joshua did not have these impairments, he would not have committed any crime … How do we treat the mentally ill in the criminal justice system, and how much should we punish them for conduct that is the direct result of those mental illnesses?’
And then later in the same document:

He knew at an early age that he would have a very hard time becoming a functioning member of society. He feared becoming a burden to his family for the rest of his life. The evidence … establishes that Joshua devised a plan to address this problem that consumed him and fed his depression.

Picking up on this thread in our telephone conversation, the lawyer expresses a desire to ‘help him and treat him, rather than punish him’.
I bring up the attack in Garland, which Goldberg claimed credit for inspiring, and also the damage he did to those Australians who became his cyberhate victims. ‘The question I’m really asking is where compassion ends when a person is causing real-life harm?’
Although the lawyer doesn’t directly answer my question, he does acknowledge that while plenty of antisocial behaviour online is harmless, some of it isn’t and this can lead to ‘the materialisation of actual violence’.
While making it plain he’s not defending Goldberg’s actions, Shorstein is deeply scathing about the way society deals with an offender like his client who ‘can barely sit still and talk to me for ten minutes’ and is up against the full force of the US Federal Government. ‘That’s our justice system, when you’ve got one side with every resource and dollar they want, against me and my client, who can barely understand what’s going on. That’s not fair by any means but it is what it is.’
As I said, Goldberg was finally found competent in March 2017. I ask whether the issue of competency was a tactic Shorstein used in his client’s defence. He diverts the discussion to the meaning of the word and asks me to think carefully about what it really implies. ‘I want to stress the importance of the difference between being legally competent and being actually competent. There is a big difference,’ he says. ‘You could be legally competent, but really not competent in any other sense of the word.’
Competency is ‘a very low standard in criminal courts in this country’, Shorstein says. ‘And even if you are found incompetent, they just send the defendant to a hospital, drug the defendant up until some doctor says he’s now competent. And then they ship him back to court, legally competent, but not well equipped to … defend himself.’
With this in mind, Shorstein explains, he had no choice but to enter plea negotiations with the federal government because his client couldn’t manage being cross-examined on the witness stand. ‘That would be a complete disaster. There’s no way he’d be able to hold up in a situation like that. He couldn’t even go to school with people his age because he couldn’t fit in the classroom environment. 

The memo goes into some detail about how, concerned about his future, Goldberg hatched a ‘flawed’ and ‘fantastical’ plan to become a reporter and was using the alias Australi Witness/AusWitness to do this. ‘Starting arguments, causing chaos, getting attention – these were his only methods of social interaction and feeling important,’ Shorstein writes. ‘He planned to discover and acquaint himself with real extremists over the internet, get them to reveal plans of attacks, memorialize them with screenshots, and then expose them and write about them to become a journalist.’6
I’m coming to this case with wide-open eyes and a heart to match. And I have some sympathy for the terrorist troll and some insight into his crumbling mental health. But it still seems like a stretch to claim he did all that damage in the name of journalism. Not to mention that his predator trolling is missing from the narrative.
Shorstein believes that when Twitter user Media Direct (aka Luke McMahon) confronted Goldberg with his true identity, he freaked out. ‘It cannot be understated how much this terrified, intimidated and rattled Joshua,’ he writes. According to Shorstein, not only was Goldberg concerned about being exposed as a fake to dangerous real-world terrorists, but he was scared his dreams of becoming a journalist would be destroyed.
‘Joshua responded to Media Direct’s implicit threats by putting more energy and authenticity into this Australi Witness and related alias accounts.’7 Reflecting on this aspect of the case, the lawyer adds, ‘That doesn’t mean we wouldn’t still be here if not for Media Direct, but yeah. I’m not a real big fan of the way that was handled.’
Luke McMahon scoffs at this interpretation of events, telling me in an email that he believes the lawyer was out of his depth: ‘Shorstein’s memo is … completely at odds with reality. It’s also factually wrong on many grounds.’
I ask about Shorstein’s theory that McMahon’s communications with Goldberg put more pressure on the troll and served to magnify his aberrant behaviour. McMahon replies that this is ‘a truly laughable and desperate attempt to divert attention away from Goldberg’s conduct’.
On the one hand, it is hard to understand why so much about the Goldberg story is missing in official documents written by both his own lawyer and by the FBI. On the other hand, it’s hard to disagree with Shorstein’s view that his client’s catastrophic mental illness and questionable grip on reality led him to offend. There are so many ‘what ifs’ in Goldberg’s case. What if he had received high-quality, ongoing mental health treatment before he ended up in prison? Would he have ever toyed with terrorism?

One of the most interesting things about the troll Meepsheep is that, despite being idolised by younger trolls, he still partially sees himself as belonging to this category of marginalised young white men. In a trollish fashion, he describes himself to me as ‘southwestern white trash’. Putting that aside for a moment, if you can, there is a key difference that distinguishes him from some of his trolling counterparts and makes him especially valuable to talk to. This difference is insight.
Meepsheep is studying psychology at college. He thinks a lot about how people – including trolls – think, what they think and why they think it. Sometimes the things he makes me consider are deep and wide. At other times, it’s simpler than that. He’s teaching me how to interact online and this, in turn, helps me to talk to and understand trolls.
Meepsheep’s online messages are full of acronyms.

IDK
KK l8r
IDR
W/E
G2G or GTG
CP
RLY
IDC
BBL

Trying to keep up is an effort and Google repeatedly catches me off guard. The acronyms are so polite:

YW: you’re welcome.
Ty: Thank you.
GTG TTYL SRY: got to go. Talk to you later. Sorry.

The first time we actually talk with voices, Meepsheep doesn’t want to switch on Skype’s video. Or, to be precise, he says he doesn’t have video. His Colorado accent rings out of my laptop, disembodied and disconcerting, into my family’s home halfway across the world.
‘To some degree, my sense of humour has kind of always been dry humour and pranks and stuff like that. So the minute I started using the internet, I started using it for trolling,’ he says. Meepsheep was eleven years old and his pranks were those of a young kid. For example, he recalls jumping onto Yahoo Answers to ‘give someone bad advice [or] write something stupid’.
This is a pattern I’ve observed with trolls. At some point in every interview they will usually say to me something along the lines of: no one paid me any attention, and from age eleven (somewhere between eleven and sixteen) I was just on 4chan (or maybe Tumblr) alone. For hours. Every day.
In other words: the internet was my parent.
When I suggest to Meepsheep in one of our long messaging conversations this is a kind of radicalisation into trolling – where individuals become hardened into the ideology – he surprises me by agreeing. After pondering the idea for a moment, he clarifies. ‘When I say radicalization, I mean more like a radical turn in favour of self-expression.’
 For criminologist Dr Clarke Jones, an expert in radicalisation, connecting the concept with trolling doesn’t seem far-fetched in the least. ‘If there’s something wrong, a child or a young person’s behaviour will manifest out in some way,’ he says, and there are often ‘trigger events in a young person’s life … that can cause a behavioural change’. He says in order to understand the radicalisation of young people – of which internet trolling is arguably one form – we need to consider the child’s makeup and how they were parented.
‘What were the boundaries set in their upbringing?’ Dr Jones asks, echoing the concepts psychologist Dr Williams explored as he reviewed Mark’s video. Dr Williams has suggested that trolls aren’t born harassing others online. Their behaviours are learned and therefore must mirror facets of our communities in one way or another.
Meepsheep believes young white men are at risk of isolation and disenfranchisement. ‘I think that people have the sense that because white men are so “privileged” they don’t need help. You get cases like [high school shooter] William Atchison. He just fits the category of somewhat intelligent young white men who are marginalized and discouraged 

and also suffering from some kind of mental illness that nobody is paying attention to.
‘In the same way the criminal justice system here [in the United States] can be unfair to young black men, I think the education system and mental health system within it is unfair to young white men,’ he says.
When I try to point out that surely as a group young black men have it harder, he responds by telling me it’s ridiculous to try to ‘quantify how “unfair” something is’. By doing so, I’m effectively saying: ‘Your problems aren’t as important as “X” group, so they don’t matter.’
Meepsheep isn’t alone in the belief that young men are struggling. Controversial University of Toronto psychologist Dr Jordan Peterson has a huge and loyal following, and firmly believes that it’s men and boys who are falling behind socially and economically.8 Speaking on Rupert Murdoch’s Fox News, Dr Peterson told viewers that masculinity is under attack:

If you’re made out to be a potential manifestation of rape culture, if you’re part of toxic masculinity, if your competitive drive is regarded as part of a tyrannical impulse, if the heritage to which you belong is regarded as an oppressive patriarchy, then how in the world are you going to step forward with confidence and shoulder that burden? Why would you? Why wouldn’t you step aside and retreat, which is exactly what’s happening?9

For a feminist fighting the construct of white men being at the centre of things and holding the power, the notion that these same men are marginalised and struggling is disconcerting. I spend plenty of my time – writing, speaking and volunteering – in the service of equality. Hoping that one day men and women will be treated the same. Hoping that one day sexual and domestic violence against women won’t exist. Hoping that the gender pay gap will be closed. Hoping that my daughters won’t be discriminated against at work, like I was, when they have children themselves. Hoping that in every facet of life, across the world, our opportunities to thrive will one day equal those of our male counterparts. Naively, I assumed that in this fight, young men would be on our side. And perhaps some are. But it’s horrifying to consider that, among the alt-right in particular, the opposite may be true. Feminism has left them behind. Instead of questioning society’s complex structures of power control – and understanding how inequality becomes entrenched – these young men take the more simplistic (and well-worn) route of blaming women for their problems.
In the case of trolls, instead of retreating, as Dr Peterson contends, they are manifesting their hurt and anger in a different way. Meepsheep describes the young men around him as steeped in ‘emotional poverty’. This draws them towards trolling: ‘When the world makes you feel like you’re worth absolutely nothing and it tears you up inside for years, and then you find an outlet with people who understand and agree, and it’s also the only place you’ve ever found that, it does become something that consumes you,’ he says, bringing Goldberg firmly back to mind. ‘And then you realize that you collectively have the power to get back at the world – or at least think you’re doing that.’
In a consideration of marginalised young men, the late Junaid Hussain, known as TriCk to his online buddies, is a standout example. Although he wasn’t white like so many other trolls I speak to, Hussain is someone who became radicalised and, in the end, his extremist ideologies killed him. The trolls knew TriCk when he was an affable guy from TeaMp0isoN (Team Poison) – a pro-Palestinian syndicate that sometimes worked alongside Anonymous and Rustle League.
However, by early August 2015, the young British-Pakistani man was listed by the Pentagon as the third most wanted person on their kill list.10 Hussain had traded Team Poison for ISIS and the so-called ‘Cyber Caliphate’. According to The New York Times, he had become ‘a central figure in the Islamic State militant group’s online recruitment campaign’.
By the end of that month, he was dead – reportedly killed in an airstrike outside Raqqa, Syria.11 Perplexed by a strange web of pieces that don’t seem to fit together, I find a Vanity Fair article by Lorraine Murphy. Her article about TriCk is compelling – and not just because it’s well written:

Hussain was Team Poison’s best outreach agent, a personable fellow keenly attuned to the zeitgeist who had a way with 140 characters. A gifted writer as well as coder, with a knack for quotable epigrams, he was also a passionate and outspoken enemy of racism, prejudice, and marginalization in any form. And he was my friend. We met on Twitter.

What changed TriCk from this guy – who couldn’t stand prejudice or marginalisation – to someone fighting a cyber war on behalf of ISIS?
Murphy, who specialises in hactivism, writes that in 2012 Hussain spent six months in prison for hacking the online address book of the personal assistant of former British prime minister Tony Blair and also for causing more than 100 nuisance calls to the UK antiterrorism reporting hotline. ‘After his sojourn in prison, he seemed to have become a weaponized nihilist, avoiding his old friends completely.’
She goes on to quote McGill University anthropologist Gabriella Coleman: ‘The Trick story is such a fascinating one and an important one to tell, especially the jail experience. It changes you.’12
This brings weev to mind. In March 2013 weev was sentenced to forty-one months in federal prison for his part in revealing the email addresses of more than 100,000 AT&T iPad users.13 After some legal wrangling, he was released in April the following year. His trolling buddies draw a line between who he was before the stint in prison and after it. (Though I should say, he categorically denies jail changed him or his ideology.) Yet I can’t help wondering, What role did the state play in hardening these men and their extremist ideologies? How will prison affect someone as socially inept and mentally unwell as Joshua Goldberg?
All this is percolating at a time when my kids and I are staying with my mother on the New South Wales coast during the school holidays. The idea is that they get a break and hang out with their grandmother while I crack on and work on edits to the book. (There’s a limit to how much frozen pizza I can distractedly feed them in aid of getting writing done.) This area is in drought and, suddenly, it’s pouring rain.
I stare out the window, watching the water dropping onto the parched grass. Almost without thinking, I mentally tally the times in an ordinary day when my children ask me a question. When we chat. Drop. Drop. Drop. Perhaps another kid is mean or hurts them. I talk to them about not responding with violence. How we are all human. About being kind, even when others aren’t. Drop. Drop. When they get hurt and need a hug. Drop. Drip. Drop. Then, I think about all the kids like Meepsheep who are left alone to grow up online, surrounded by echo chambers of hate. No adult there to talk to them or hug them. Once, when we were talking about why so many young men seem to hate women, he said to me: It’s so hard to figure this stuff out on your own. When you don’t have help.
Right then I know in my core, in my spine, that perhaps more than anything else the story of trolling is one about parenting.